YOU GUYS! Oh my God, you guys!  Seriously you guys, guess what?? You guys, you know Pete Melman?  Fourth Grade, Mr. Bart's class? Yeah yeah, Pete Melman! He crapped his pants today during social studies! He had to go to the nurse's office, and have his mom bring him a fresh pair of jeans!  Because, dude, it's all over Eavesdropper! Puhah! You guys don't follow Eavesdropper?  Yeah yeah, I'm showin' the guys!  Just listen, listen listen. Yeah yeah, we're listenin' to it!  Okay okay, so what do we call Pete Melman when we see him? I was thinking, "Poopypants Pete", but th- but then I also thought of "Mushpants Melman." Oh Jesus, what now?!  Puh-I know, dude. Pete Melman crapped his pants. So freakin' funny!  Tchehe, right. That's why it's super funny to me.  Yeah, he killed himself. Hey! Whoooa. 'Kay, whoa, whoa! We've been through this, you cannot put Corey Duran's death on me! I'm not the one who crapped him pants in front of everyone! You're asking me to simply ignore a kid who - excuse my language but I have to be harsh here - a kid who shits in his pants in front of everyone - to just ignore that so he can have a normal life?! Do you really think information like this will just die down? There's Internet! There's Eavesdropper! You might be worried Pete Melman is gonna kill himself, but the truth is, he was dead the second he crapped his pants.  Heh! You're crazy! It can't be done! You aren't listing to anythin-  Make it worth my while how? Uh, hey Jenny. 'Sup? Did you hear about Pete Melman? Pretty messed up, huh? So... whatcha doin' for lunch? Uh, my mom packed me the best stuff. She even baked cupcakes.  I was just thinking that... m-m-maybe we could... eat lunch together. I've always kind of...  liked you. I know. Uh, I know you don't like me back. I ju- Yeah, you know, the- this was stupid, I'm sorry. Will you just take a cupcake?   You okay, Jenny? Excused? Oh, oh but we are in the middle of class.  Uh, Mr. Garrison, I don't think that's ''quite'' fair, uh I mean, you rarely let us get up and leave during the class. Well, just give it a couple of minutes, Jenny. It could just be a cramp. Oh, my God! Jenny Simons crapped her pants!  It's WAY worse than Pete Melman was! WAY worse! Alright, kewl. You said Pete Melman couldn't kill himself! By making Jenny Simons crap her pants worse than Pete, I've made ''her'' the number one story on Eavesdropper!  Nobody can be made fun of for crapping their pants, and nobody can die! Jesus Christ!  Okay those, those tests we took last week? The state efficiency tests? How did we do on those? Okay, no, they all did awesome! In fact our students did so good on the tests that you...  Okay, well, if you have a better idea, then why am I here?  Yup, a few more laxatives on that one, a little more Arby's horsey sauce on there, mhm. Yeah, I think they're all ready. It doesn't matter. Enough students will crap their pants to make everyone forget about Pete Melman and Jenny Simons forever. Uh, hold on just a second! I believe we discussed the little matter of my payment?!  I'm not letting you guys screw me over again. Give me what I wanted, now! Oh my God! Selena Gomez! You  No thanks. Okay, proceed. That. Was. Amazing. Boy, I say. It's okay Mr. Mackey. I'm totally over it. Oh, you're most certainly welcome. Are you feeling okay, Mr. Mackey?  I put a lot of Arby's horsey sauce on those. 