 Attention South Park Students: will the following students report to the Principal's office immediately? Eric Cartman? Thank you. Yes, and the reason he killed himself, Eric, was that the ridicule and the torment from other students,  spearheaded by you, cause him-! Spearheaded by you, m'kay, made him feel there was no other way out. We are hoping that if you don't fan the flames, Eric, the other students might forget might forget about it!  No, not cool! M'kay, she's on suicide watch, Eric! She's given up on life! Our students did average, maybe just below average. Uh, hi, Jan, it's Counselor Mackey. Uh... how long would it take to organize a Pizza Friday for the students? Yeah, yeah... no, they uh, they actually did really well on the state exam. Yeah, mkay. Eh, Is this one good? Alright Eric, well, well get back to class. We don't want anyone seeing you in here with us. Alright, fine. Bring her in, Adler.  I/m sorry about this, Ms. Gomez.  Alright now, get back to class! Adler, get rid of those laxative bottles! Trash all the Arby's horsey sauce packages too! There cannot be one piece of evidence of what we did here!  Stop that rat! We're alone, now what the hell are we gonna do? Oh right! "The School Faculty Tries To Poison All Their Students." That's not gonna be on Wikileaks! All we were tryin' to do was keep another one of our students from killing themselves! We're not bad! We're not bad. I mean, maybe what we needed was just to think outside the box here. I mean, if there's anything we've learned is that the only thing that makes a juicy story go away is a juicier story. Hey that's right. Corey Duran killed himself last year and we're STILL dealing with the fallout. Maybe there is a way out of this. But we're gonna have to throw Eric Cartman under the bus. We get a bus... and then we... throw Eric Cartman under it. Oh! Oh God! Oh God he killed himself! Eric Cartman killed himself! Did you see that? Oh why would he do it?  Oh wait uh here, here's a suicide note. Mkay. ''[opens it up and reads it:] Dear Guys, I just cannot go on mkay. I'm tired of being <u>FAT</u>, mkay, and I have to end it all. Mkay. -Eric Cartman.''  Well why the hell didn't you say so! Come on, let's go!  Okay, let's just delete all this tabloid garbage, mkay.  Oh Eric! Uh, Eric, I know we kinda threw you under the bus, mkay, but I hope you understand the faculty didn't really have a choice. Well I think you're being very mature about this, Eric. It was an overly generous move to give all the faculty those cupcakes. I wanna thank you. Mkay.  Oooh. Oh, gee, uh... Yeah, I j-I just uh I'll be right back. Oh!  OW!  Ooohhh, it's bad! 