''[inside] ...In my Easter Bonnet, with all the frills upon it, I'll be the grandest lady in the Easter parade.'' Look at that one, huh? Half purple and half yellow with a chikadee sticker. I'm good.  Wha... what do you mean, "Why do we do this?" It's Easter! Wulll, ssso that the Easter bunny can hide them. Stanley, Easter celebrates the day that Jesus was resurrected after being crucified for our sins. That's right. Stanley, just dye your Goddamned eggs! What is wrong with him?!   Hang on, I'm taking a crap. What? We... need to talk, Stan.  Ih, it's okay guys. Yeah. 'Cause it turns out the kid we're after is my son. Tell the Grand Hare everything is okay. I'll take it from here. I wanted to keep this from you, Stan. I really wanted to wait until you were older but... you just had to keep asking questions! We have to be careful when we think somebody's onto us.  We are all part of a secret society, Stan. A very ancient, very important society of men who follow the way of the Rabbit, and protect the secret of the Easter bunny. We are called... the Hare Club For Men. Duh, it's the Hare Club For Men. Chicks wouldn't understand. I belong to a secret society that has been around for thousands of years! Our identities have to be protected! Stan, you don't seem to understand how serious this is! The secret of Easter that we protect is something that could rock the foundation of the entire world! I can't tell you. You have to be allowed into the Society first, but... but perhaps... it's time. I always knew this day would come, when my son would be brought into the society. Reminds me of the day I was brought in by my father. Of course. Marshes have been in the Hare Club For Men for generations. All the way back to the beginning. You aren't a member yet. You can't know where our secret meetings take place. We're going to a distant location, an old building near a lake about 40 minutes away. Dammit. Are you sure, son? Once you hear the secret, you will be bound to The Hare Club For Men forever.  Stan, take Snowball and get out of here! Just get out of here!  Nelson.  Nelson? Nelson, say something. Nelson, do you know where we are? Where did they take us? You... You monster! You have no right to wear that hat! It's saying stupid things like that that made Jesus wanna put a rabbit in charge. I don't know! And even if I did know... well, I'd probably tell you because I don't wanna be here anymore. No! No, you bunny-hating bastards! Don't do this! Oh thank God! Hand it over, Stan! They're gonna kill me! Give them the rabbit! Just hand over the bunny, Stan!  Stanley, why did you do that? I would have proudly died for that rabbit. No! That is not the way we're remembering it! Oh, we should've seen that coming! No! Listen! We aren't rabbits!  Oof. Stanley, I'm so proud of you. You've learned so very much this Easter. That's my boy. 