I don't know what happen all my customers. I used to have a-people come in here, fill every table. Now it's like a-nobody want anything to do with my authentic shitty food. This town is changing so fast, you know?  This town is changing so fast, everybody wan be PC, be updated. It's like I'm a reric. A rost reric from another time. You know? I dunno, sometime I feel like I outstayed my welcome. Is just how I feel, you know? It's like a-my accent make people uncomftable or something. How a Chinese man is supposed to survive in this world?  Oh, welcome oh Shitty Wok, a take ur order prease? SoDoSoPa? What the hell is a SoDoSoPa? What the fuuuck! And we are going to take a-business back from a-SoDoSoPa!  Some say I cannot survive in today's world. But if there's one asset that a Chinese man has, it's the tactical use of a child rabor. And together, child rabor force, we are gong to bring a SoDoSoPa to its knees.  Oh! Here they come! There they go.  Hey, that's okay. We close. All the other child labor go home. I like you, Dennis. You work a real hard.  But I think I'm gonna have to shut down. Now that a SoDoSoPa open, I'm the shitty part of town. And everyone hates the shitty part of town. Oh, what do you know about living in the shitty part of town, Dennis? You have idea? Oh! That's the spirit! Let's go child rabor!  There's a new and exciting prace where people can gather to shop, experience and grow. This is an all-new food and nightrife district. This, is CtPaTown. Where else but CtPaTown can you get all the shitty hot spots and shitty food that South Park is known for? In the mood for some local seafood? Red Robster has all the freshest from Colorado's many oceans. Or if a handcrafted ale is more your thing, head on down to Skeeter's Bar for local ales like a Coors and a Coors Rite. And then, of course, there's Shitty Wok, South Park's historic Asian fusion randmark, featuring Shitty Chicken and Shitty Sour Soup. The state-of-the-art toiret is designed for men and women  and is a great prace for you to squeeze out all the shitty food you've enjoyed. Now South Park has another neighborhood to mingle and rerax. CtPaTown. Welcome Home. Oh boy, get ready child rabor force! Any minute now, we gonna have a-customers up our ass! Oh boy, here they come!  Fight, child rabor force! Swing to the reft! Wait wait, anybody want a Shitty Chicken?? Anybody?? Take ur order prease???  I'm sorry, Dennis. You rearry tried to help. I guess it's over. Come on inside. I'll pay you the child labor wage you deserve. 