Hey, Cartman! Are you gonna share any of that cake with the rest of us? Give us some, Cartman! Dude, the road is always snowy. Shut up, Cartman! Dude, she always tries to quiet us down by threatening to kill that bunny, but I wonder if she ever would. Come on, fat boy, give us some cake now. Where are we? I don't think we're in a very safe spot. Dude, this is not good! She could've at least kept the heat on. Dude! Would you just relax? We've been in a lot worse situations than this and come out of it just fine. Well sure. Don't you remember that time that the aliens kidnapped your little brother Ike? Now, ''that'' was scary.}} Now, that was what I call a sticky situation. Do you see 'er dude? No, kid! You heard what Ms. Crabtree said: there's a big black scary monster out there! Hmm. Maybe Ms. Crabtree ''did'' make up that stuff about the big black monster. Well, I guess nobody else will be getting off the bus. What time is it? Dude, I think it's Saturday now. Well, we can't go anywhere or else that big scary monster outside will get us. I don't know, it's- a big scary monster. What? Okay, so we can agree that the monster outside can't be Scuzzlebutt, because Scuzzlebutt's nice. But the monster outside couldn't be Mr. Garrison, 'cause Mr. Garrison used a gun. ''What was that?'' Dude, I think the scary monster is right outside the bus! Yeah, but the monster outside couldn't be Death, because Death only touches you, it doesn't eat you. Oh my God, it's killing Kenny! Hoh boy, we're in big trouble. Yeah. There's got to be a way out of this. What? You dumbass, Cartman! That's not the way it happened! Oh no! Now we need more weight in the back. No, that's too much! I don't know how much longer we can keep this up, dude. Hey yeah! Dude, did it ever occur to them to just look for us? Boy, do I! Cartman, no! The bus is going over! GAAA-uh. Ugh. Oh, dude. What a nightmare. Dude, I just had the weirdest dream. Yeah, I dreamt that Cartman dreamt that we were all trapped on a bus, and then he dreamt that we were talking about things that had happened, only they were all wrong, and, and then he and his mother ate beetles. Yeah, I must be having some real emotional problems. Sure. I definitely don't wanna sleep anymore. See you later. 