Honey, honey, who's gonna get you? Crystal, the President isn't going to get you. [to his wife] See what I told you? It's that liberal school she's going to, filling her head with all kinds of garbage! Sweetie, the President is doing the best job he can. Your liberal school is just trying to convince you he's dangerous. Uh uh, no buts! The President is in the White House, not here trying to get you. Okay? All right. [he and Mom walk out the door, and he tells Mom] We're having a talk with that school in the morning! [turns to Crystal] Good night, honey. [turns off the lights, and the couple goes to their room. Thunder and lightning get Crystal out of bed and she goes to her window. She sees a shadow on the walkway outside. When lightning flashes, she sees it's indeed the President.] What I wanna know is, what gives you the right to preach your political views to my children?! Our daughter woke up with nightmares that the President was going to get her! Just because two liberals happen to be principal and vice principal doesn't mean you can brainwash my kids! It's White. Bob White. You probably never even heard of our family, huh? Well, the Whites have been here since the beginning! Not that it matters, 'cause no one cares about the Whites. Sure, everyone else has problems, but does anyone ask the Whites how they're doing?! Oh, sure you don't! You know how hard I had to fight to even get this meeting with you?! "Oh, who wants to talk to the administration? Oh, it's just the Whites? Oh, who cares about the Whites? They're fine!" Well, we've just about had with you, you understand? [a song plays that drowns out Mr. White's rant: Barbara Mandrell - "(If Loving You Is Wrong) I Don't Want To Be Right"] And damn it, we won't be ignored! Guess that's all the Whites can hope for these days. That's not true! The Whites still support the President You think Hillary would have been any better?! [Sits down] I'm just sayin', I'm just sayin' Aah! No, I was just, uh, taking these sandwiches to the trash. We didn't all agree! ''You'' all agreed! Nobody asked the Whites how they felt! Nobody cares what the Whites have to say! In 2003, Hillary Clinton admitted to taking funds for her foundation from foreign diplomats! It's fucking true! Hillary wouldn't have been any better. Fine! Go ahead and take the White's sandwiches! They've taken everything else! [He whistles the bird call of the bobwhite quail to get Garrison's attention] It's a trap! It's a Fox trap, Mr. President! Who would want to put their penis in a co-worker?! [Gags then vomits. Everyone else starts doing the same] Get back! Everyone back! Do it now! Get over here, family! You wanna know where there's a war?! There's a war on Christmas! Nobody cares about that! 'Cos guess who loves Christmas? The Whites! At least this man's trying to save Christmas! [Sighs, sobs] 