 You're not gonna believe what Cartman has! We're going tomorrow night! Cartman's got the bus schedule all figured out!  Well, of ''course'' your parents said you can't go! Parents can be pretty cruel sometimes, dude. They get off on it. The police? But what do the police do to them? Dude! Having no parents is awesome! I'm gonna say my parents molestered me, too. What's going on?  ...Then it's ours. The whole town. It's ours. You guys, stop it!  Sorry about them. Kindergartners are kind of spazzes. How come ''you'' wanna help the fatass?! You got foolied, outlander! We're the only ones with a working phone. And if you had taken our book, then it's one of ''us'' who dies tonight at Carousel! You mean in the before time? In the long, long ago? If we tell you, will you help us stop Fatass? Alright. Everybody gather round. We're gonna tell the story of the before time again.   Soon we were without power, water, or fresh food. But we tried to survive. Under the guidance of... the Provider.  The fatass and us disagreed on how to worship the provider. The fatass tried to make us follow ''his'' way by making himself the school principal. So we made ourselves the superintendents of school. But then he just made himself the mayor. The town split sides and that's when the Provider got angry.  So now, every night, the Provider must be appeased at Carousel. We need their book so one of ours doesn't die.  We all know that one day, the Provider will set us free. Make everything like it was in the before time. In the long, long ago. Yes. No foolies.  Awesu-home! No. If they have it, one of ''ours'' will die for Carousel! It's time for Carousel! Haha, your side doesn't have its book, fatass! That means someone on your side is sacrificed tonight.  Parents? He's right, dude. Things were a lot better with our parents around. Come on, you guys! Our parents are gonna be back any minute! Well, they can't be ''too'' pissed off. I mean, we made them a banner. Hey, you guys came back! Huh. I dunno.  You guys wanna build a snow igloo? 