Well, it looks like we're gonna have to save everyone in this town ourselves! I am saying this because we must be saved-uh. The Lord is powerful and he will smote the sinners and send them to everlasting hell-uh. If you do not live your life for Him-uh, then to the lake of fire you shall go-uh!  Many of you knew Kenny McCormick. He was a playful school-going eight-year-old. And then yesterday, he was  Who will help us? Praise God-uh! This is bea-utiful. Thine church is almost completed. Very well. Yea. Guys, let us walk to mine home and see what mine mom wants.  No! This is a trick! Do not vex me, O temptress! This is a distraction from our work on the church!  Not the pleasures of this Earth, but salvation in the world aftah!! Let us get back to our work at the church.  Hello?  Oh my God!! It's Kenny. He's calling from beyond the grave! Kenny! You have to tell us about hell! Give us every last horrible detail!  He said that in hell, the smell is awful. He said that in hell, everyone speaks Spanish. He said there is water in hell, but if you drink it you pee blood out your ass for seven hours-uh! And perhaps worst of all, in hell, there are dozens and dozens of little trinket stores! But they all have the same little trinkets in them-eh!  Your daughter could die tomorrow, and then what?! The Lord has spoken again-uh! O, forgive us, Lord, for our sins-uh! Let us pray.  Heavenly Father, do not send us to hell. We're sorry. Whatever we did, we're sorry. Let's see... Matthew 15:11. "Not that which goeth into the mouth defileth a man; but that which comes ''out'' of the mouth defileth a man." That's a good one, Clyde Frog. Interesting.  Yea. It is nice to see you, Sister, but I must prepare for my next sermon.  Sister, have you read this book? Then you know what it says happens to those who don't follow the Lord-uh. Are you saying that what the Bible says isn't true? We've got Jews and perverts and bullies and all kinds of sinners in this town, Sister Anne-uh! And without the priest we've decided to save ourselves. The only ones that kids can trust now are me and Jesus!  Well... Today this Jewish boy and all sinners are going to be saved-uh! Kyle, do you believe in God-uh? Do you want to be saved from hell-uh?! That's good, because right now, all the Jewness is comin' out of your body, bein' replaced by the Spirit of God-uh!  Theah! Praise God! How do you feel now? Do you feel the light of God inside o'ya? Praise the Lord-uh! ''For he is Lord, he is Lord...'' Bring up the next person!  This boy has been crippled with sin-uh. But I hear God saying that this boy will walk! We are gonna save you and you are gonna walk with the Lord-uh! Devil be  '''''gone'''''-uh! Now ''walk'', Timmih!   Come on, Timmy, get out of that chair-uh! The Lord wants you to walk, Timmih! Oo-'''''walk''''', Timmih!  He walks-uh! Yes! Praise the Lord! ''For he is Lord<br />Lord, Lord, Lord''<br />Where are you from, little boy?  And God is telling me that you have... bad eyesight. Is that it? Well, God is gonna heal those eyes, and save you from the devil begone!  ''For he is Lord<br />Lord, Lord, Lord''<br />Right here we have a little girl who is very, very ugly! Do you believe he is gonna cure your face of the uglies?! He is gonna take that ugly face and make you reasonable to look at!  Bah!  Bwolololololololololololo! Oh, good Lord, somebody say "Amen!" ''Hallelujah! Praise the Lord!'' And now, I'm receiving a message directly from God-uh! God is telling me that... each and every one of you is to walk up to the stage, and give me one dollar!   It worked, you guys, it actually worked! Eh-everybody bought the whole act! They keep giving and giving until we have it all! Of course, you guys! And then we can make... ten million dollars!  Look, the tooth fairy thing didn't work, the boy band thing didn't last, so I tried this route. It all came to me days ago, when we were first in Sunday school. Dude, if God is all-understanding, he wouldn't send us to hell. Even Sister Anne told me that. My brain is of a much larger size than you guys's. I couldn't expect you to understand, not until you actually saw the cash flow!  Suck my balls! Today is another day! And that's another dollar the Lord needs from you-uh! So come on up and give to the Lord-uh!  Sister Anne is a blasphemer!  Uh-oh.  Jesus, ix-nay on the ool-schay.  and, putting a dollar in the box-uh!  I can't be cheated out of my ten million dollars again! God damnit! You're gonna send me to hell?  '''''Aw, crap!''''' 