I've waited... forty-two years... for this day. Don't you all see what this means? There was only one person who EVER registered OT9 in the history of our church.  Hello young man. I'm the head of Scientology. It is...  a great honor to meet you! We've been looking for your son for a long time, Mr. Marsh. He is the reincarnation of our church's most famous prophet. Scientologists the world over are simply rejoicing at his second coming. We're not asking him to join us, we're asking him... to lead us. Yes, John Travolta and Tom Cruise are big Scientologists. Do you believe me nooow?  Young man, I know you don't remember it,but... your name was L. Ron Hubbard. You revealed the secret that began the whole Church of Scientology. Please, understand, we just want what is best for your son. The reincarnation of L. Ron Hubbard must be taken care of. He had many enemies. Yes. But he was also a prophet... who knew the secret truth about the nature of life. We want to reveal to Stan the great secret of life behind our church. The safely-guarded Scientology doctrine. Please, your son deserves to be enlightened. Would you excuse us, please? This is highly classified church information. Usually, to hear the secret doctrine, you have to be in the church for several years, Stan.  Are you ready to hear the truth? You see, Stan, there is a reason for people feeling sad and depressed.  An alien reason. It all began 75 million years ago. Back then there was a galactinc federation of planets which was ruled over by the evil Lord Xenu. Xenu thought his galaxy was overpopulated,  The frozen alien bodies were loaded onto Xenu's galactic cruisers, which looked like DC-8s, except with rocket engines. The cruisers then took the frozen alien bodies to our planet, to Earth, and dumped them into the volcanoes of Hawaii.  The aliens were no longer frozen, they were dead. The ''souls'' of those aliens, however, lived on, and all ''floated up'' towards the sky. But the evil Lord Xenu had prepared for this. Xenu didn't ''want'' their souls to return! And so he built giant soul-catchers in the sky!  is pick up where he left off. Neither did L. Ron when he started. He said he just closed his eyes, and wrote down whatever came to mind. You can do the same. Just let it flow. I know. We've sent Nicole Kidman up there to see if she can help. Yes... Yes, oh this is great, Stan! Yes, of course! So wonderful! Yes, of course!  What?  What are you, stupid?! Then how do we make money from those people?! Wait a minute, whoa, whoa! You don't actually believe this crap, do you?? Dummy! Brainwashed alien souls?? E-meters and thetan levels?? Those people out there buy that crap and I thought YOU were smart enough to see what was really going on! What's better than telling people a stupid story and having them believe you?!  Having them PAY you for it, stupid! Because if those people all think you're the reincarnation of L. Ron Hubbard, then they'll all buy your new writings, and you and I together will make three million dollars! That's how the scam works! But this is a scam on a global scale! Do you fucking get me now?!  Then keep writing, L. Ron! Your people are waiting. My fellow Scientologists! Our prophet has finished his new doctrine, and will now read some passages before making it available to you all for a nominal fee.  Huh, what? Yeah, you think you can say our religion is a lie?! We'll sue you, buddy! Ho, now you're puttin' words in MY mouth! You are ''so sued!'' How dare you mock our faith, you little punk?! You'll be hearing from our lawyers tomorrow! You are so sued, kid! We're going to! 