Eric, you have to be a big boy. Good boy, Eric!  I'm sorry, PC Principal. It's just that my little Eric really doesn't like shots. No no, you don't understand. I-I've taken him to the doctor every Friday for the past four years. They try to give him his shot, but he gets scared and runs around. and he squeals like a little pig. The doctors try to catch him, but Eric greases himself up so they can't.  Please! I've tried everything! You have to let Eric go to school! I work all day, and without school, he'll just... he'll just have nothing! Ih- if you could offer Eric something. Uhm, sometimes when Eric behaves this way, I think of a gift or a treat of some kind. I don't know. Oh, w-would that be possible? Eric, you really have to do it this time, okay? When we're at the doctor's you can't change your mind.  Come on, Eric, we're going home!    ''One toy'', Eric! I'm sorry. It's just my strong, personal belief that  "among other things, vaccines contain harmful ingredients formaldehyde, aluminum, and even mercury." Yes, yes, I know, but...  "We can't even risk a 0.1% chance of vaccinations making our children artistic."  You try it! Don't you people criticize me until you've taken Eric to the doctor and you've tried to hold him down! I'm a good mother! Don't you dare question if I care about my child!  You don't understand how hard it is! [coming down the stairs] Oh, I don't know if I can go through with this. My little Eric is going to be so mad at me! Did you bring his boo-boo present? Eric, there's a big treat for you if you stay still! Eric! Oh!  Oh, Eric. I... wasn't sure if you'd be up yet.  Eric, you know I only want what's best for my snookums. It was supposed to make it easier on you, a-and they didn't catch you anyway. Eric, please! You don't know how hard it is to be a parent! Sometimes we don't know the right thing to do! Eric, when I was at the store, I bought you some Little Debbie creme pies and- Sweetie, you can't live on your own. Hello, Randy. I'm... sorry to trouble you, but... I don't know where to turn. I was hoping maybe... I could buy some gumdrops. My son.. hates me. The whole town... hates me. Nobody thinks I'm a good mom,  and I don't know if I am anymore! It all happened gradually, you know?  I know immunizations are probably for the best,  and, I don't know, it's scary. It doesn't matter. They're having an all-county mandated immunization roundup tonight. Any child not immunized is about to be. I know, Randy. Other parents expect me to deal with Eric- ...I understand. Yes, I do. Randy, we both tried to do the best for our family.  And sometimes, when we're afraid of being judged, we can push our family away. You should just feel lucky that you have a partner in doing what's right for your family. Thanks for the talk, Randy. And for the weed. [turns and goes to the barn entrance.]   Get out of my way! Move it! Leave my son a  AHHHH!   No, Eric! No shots, no toy!  Eric... 