E-scooters? Well where the hell do they all come from?!  Well I'm just gettin' my Halloween candy. Want to make sure I get enough. Last year I ran out and the kids egged my house, m'kay? I'll take three large bags each of Snickers Fun Size, Payday Bite Size, Almand Joy Snack Size, and Reese's Teenie Weenie Size, m'kay? Hey, c-can, can I ask you somethin'? Wha, what's up with all these damn scooters? No, but like, where did they come from? You know, it's like one day everything was fine, and the next there were these fuckin' scooters everywhere.  I just think people should drive, m'kay? I don't think people should "scoot." I just... I just hope the future isn't "scootin'."  Hey! What the hell?!  God damn it! Get off the goddamned street with those things!  Woh, fuck me! God damnit, where'd you get that?!  And now tricks or treats is here! Well I'll tell you one thing! I'm not gonna let my house get egged this year for not havin' enough candy! So what are we gonna do?! Get-whoa-get out of the way!  What did you-? Get me some of those Hi-Chews. Well then let me, let me have the Whatchamacallits? Look, you've gotta give me some more fuckin' candy!  Where, where's the candy, m'kay? Candy?  Uhh, what aisle is the candy in?   What you want? Wait. Are you here for counseling? Do you realize it's about to be World War III out there?! We have bigger problems! Consider yourself lucky, M'kay?! Everyone's gonna be scootin' and there's no way to stop it. Why are you the one kid who doesn't want to use them? What do you mean? You can't use those things without a phone? But Kenny, if that's true, then... could there be a way to cut the connection? Jesus! You really think that could work?!  The tower should be just over that ridge. What gives them the right, huh? I mean, some big company came and dumped a bunch of scooters everywhere without asking anyone if it was okay. Yeah, you're right. You're a good kid, Kenny. I always thought so. I know we kind of all forget about you sometimes, but you're smart, compassionate, and you might even make a good counselor someday.  Okay, sounds good!  Jesus Christ!  We're not here for tricks or treats! That's why he has to take down this cellphone tower: To stop the scooters! Jason, I'm a counselor. You need to trust me.  All right, Kenny!  