Naive at what cost, Chef? Parents, we have to face facts: Children in America are having sex at younger and younger ages. STDs are affecting younger and younger kids all the time. The only way we can combat that is by educating children before they have sex. Alright girls, even though this may be stuff you don't want to hear, you need to hear it. Fun! It's going to be fun! Well let's start with our first lesson, then, shall we?  That's right, because unless you get boys to wear condoms you can and will get a sexually transmitted disease from them! How fun is that, hmmm?! Is that fun? Today over 20,000 Americans will contract a sexual disease! TODAY! Twelve thousand more tomorrow! And the reason is that you girls wake up in the morning and say, "It's not going to happen to me." You say, "Oh, Ms. Choksondik, that happens to girls in Detroit, in Brooklyn, but not here in Colorado." WRONG!  Wrong! Sex is about disease! Here's a little picture of herpes. And here's a little syphilis for you! That's right, girls. Here's what happens when you don't get boys to use condoms! Oh, it's no problem, Mr. Mackey. It's probably best we come up with a lesson plan together anyway.  Well we should make sure our students are good and scared of the consequences. We have to teach them that diseases are possible even with just oral sex.  Using your mouth on the penis or vagina. It's just too bad these girls are having sex so young. Did I what? Well, if you must know, I'm still somewhat of a virgin.  The only boyfriend I ever had was this attractive popular boy named Steven Garrett. I liked him very much, but I... found out that he was dating me because he lost a bet on the Super Bowl. The loser had to go out with me for three days.  People can be very cruel. Anyway, I know it's hard to understand. Your nickname? ...Right. Wow, I've... never met a man who is... as sexually unappealing as me.  Well, I'm quite happy without sex. I mean, with all the diseases and problems out there, who needs it, right? Well, back to the lesson plan, then. Okay.  "Oral Sex" I knew it! Well, at least we scared them enough to protect themselves. But now maybe you'll believe me when I say that we need to be teaching even younger than fourth grade. ...Kindergarten. We've got to get to the students before they start having... sex. Nu-not after. Alright girls. Yesterday we went over the myriad of diseases you can get from boys, but today we're going to talk about the most horrible they can give you of all.   I've already gone through that with the girls.  It's pretty simple. Do you wanna drink?  Or the... shaft... of the penis?  Why, yes. The nerve endings are the most concentrated at- the- tip of the penis. Like they are in the...  clitoris of the woman. Sexual stimulation.  Oh, is this wrong? Yeah? What do you do when you think about me? Do you touch yourself?  Haawww. Haawww. Oh my God. Oh God, yeah! Stop! Stop! It's your turn.   Do you want me? Tell me. Wait wait wait! Do you have a condom?  Woh.  Ooh, that's it baby! That's it! Did you feel something? I'm afraid this is all my fault. I... think I went a little overboard scaring the girls. I forgot to tell them that to get diseases from boys you... have to have sex with them first. He's right. I never knew how special and personal sex was un... until just recently. 