Dad! Dad, there's this new place and you can actually go and shoot each other, only it's soft BBs and they're biodegradable, and the guns are, like, totally real except you don't actually get hurt, and it's like paintball except for there's no mess, and the stuff all looks totally real, and it's called Airsoft and can I get one? There's an airsoft field where everybody plays on teams, and I promise I'll take good care of the equipment, and if you think about it, it's a really great hobby for team building and learning communication and – I was just thinking if you could come to the Airsoft store with me –  come on, please only we can't tell mom cuz she won't understand, but it's totally safe cuz you wear eye protection. Here it is! Isn't this cool?! Come on, dad! You gotta check it out! No, dad! It's Airsoft. It's like paintball, only it's way cooler and it just looks totally real. Dad… please. I'm not a baby anymore. The other guys – they already got their stuff. We're playing today! Can I please just get, like, an AK-47 and maybe a glock?  I got you, Cartman! I totally got you! I heard it hit your jacket. Say hit and and go back to respawn. Ow, oww!  Hit! That was so cool! That was seriously the best time I've had in forever! I know! My teenager said he's gonna come over and show me how to clean my gun!  Cartman? Are you ok? I took a BB right to the face with a sniper rifle. It was so great, dad! I'm not a baby anymore, dad!   I got it! Yeah! Yeah, that's right! Cool, dude, so, uh, you wanna, like, clean our Airsoft guns? Well…Like, what kind of food do you want? Okay! Okay! Okay!  Dude, Kenny, the weirdest thing just happened. My teenager showed up at my house and he's acting really strange. Yours did too? What the hell are these things? Yeah, I know! My teenager asked me to take him shopping for hair gel. Just do your best, I'll be there as fast as I can!  Okay, here it is. This is the health care aisle. Could you go a little faster? Okay, here's all the hair product stuff. Which one would you like to use? What? Ugh, nothing, I'm… I'm just shopping with my teenager. Okay, but you asked me if I could buy you some hair gel. Your guy wants hair gel, too? I just wanna get to the Airsoft field. Stan says your team is killing them. Yeah, we'll see when I use my sniper rifle! Well, you're lucky. At least your teenager doesn't threaten to kill you. And we love it. Well, apparently a lot of people are in the same situation we're in. I've been reading this book—"Help, My Teenager Hates Me". Yeah…and… it has some interesting ideas. It says we're basically just dealing with an age difference and we need to try and connect with them. It says…we should take them camping. Yeah, check 'em out! There's a lake over there where we can rent kayaks! No… I don't think I'm gonna go… You wouldn't understand, Dad. I just can't deal with teenagers. You know, I just  I-I just wanted to shoot my friends, dad. We did! They said they hate the teenagers just as much as anybody, but they can't get rid of them. And we've got no one else to partner with. We got new partners, guys!  Hey, thanks, you guys. We couldn't have gotten rid of the teenagers without you. Come on, guys! 