 Yes, Stanley? ''No it isn't, it makes you very sad!'' Now, apparently, the school board thinks that I don't teach you anything about current events, so tomorrow they're going to have you do presentations for the whole board.  "Current Events in South Park". Now, I want you all to read a newspaper, or better yet, watch television, and come up with something current in South Park to do a report on. Now, this'll be a group project, so I'm going to place you all into groups of five. Let's see, uh. Wendy, Bebe, Clyde, Pip, and Tolkien, you'll be Group 1, and Group 2 will be Stan, Kyle, Eric, Kenny, a-and, and Tweek. There's nothing wrong with Tweek. I bet he'll do a great job in your group. That's what Chad Everett thought when the new female intern joined the cast of ''Medical Center''. He thought, "Who is this woman with her gazungas and high heels? What does she know about medicine?" Well, that intern soon saved Chad Everett's brother with a kidney transplant. So, you see?  Well, let me put it another way. You have to give your oral report to the entire South Park Town Committee tomorrow. And if it doesn't kick ass, and you make me look bad, Mr. Hat is gonna smack you bitches up!  I don't think they wrote this, Mr. Hat. Well, boys, it's obvious ''you'' didn't even--  Yes, great job. Yeah, well, I don't want to sound like a dickhole, but I told you so. Thank you, Mayor. I don't wanna sound like a dickhole, but I- Uh, boys, can I have a quick this and that with you? Boys, I don't know who wrote that report, but now that you've convinced everybody, you'd better stick with it. 'Cause if these people find out you didn't really write that paper, and I actually do get fired, then Mr. Hat is gonna do horrible things to you.  Oh, not that, Mr. Hat! That's '''really''' horrible! Anyway, good luck passing your new law, boys.  That was close, Mr. Hat.  Uh, boys, you better get your asses to work. They're expecting you to give a big speech on corporate takeovers, and this time it has to last five minutes. You little turds!! You've ruined my life for the last time!! 