 Sorry I'm late. Oh! Hi, Kyle.  As you can see, Your Honor, my client is too upset to continue. All right, we did it! Hm.  You know, Eric, I've been thinking, uh... Uh, you know, the people ''really'' responsible for your harassment is the public schools.  Perhaps we should sue them next. Well, because they're the ones that let this harassment go on. And, they have a lot more money. I think we could get a lot more out of this than half of Stan's belongings. Mr. Garrison, do you know the definition of sexual harassment? Did you, or did you not, hear my client being called an ass-sucker? And you did nothing. Principal Victoria, were you aware that my client was being harassed at your school? Oh! So you ''admit'' that harassment goes on! You don't know?! You're the principal!  So it DOES go on!!! Principal Victoria, was Eric Cartman called an ass-sucker? Yes or no? Last, I'd like to bring up my expert witness: Sexual Harassment Panda. Expert witness, did South Park Elementary allow sexual harassment to go on? And who's to blame? There! You have it! Straight from the horse's mouth! Pan-Panda's mouth. All right! We did it, Eric! That goes in the master bedroom.  Well, Kyle. What do you think of your new house? Yes, it ''is'' big, isn't it? It is very big. Well Kyle, schools have lots of money. You see, we all pay taxes, and part of that tax money goes to public schools, and it's from ''that'' money that we got our 1.3 million. No. It's a very fragile system that nature has designed. All things flow into each other. Sort of, yeah.  close the lid on sexual harassment in schools! So call me, Kyle's dad. Because it's not about money, it's about... wait, what am I saying? Call me!  ''Wow'', I'm good!  Don't answer that!  Incriminate.  Well? What do you think, Kyle? Well, this one is ''bigger''!  Kyle, let me explain something to you. You see, Kyle, we live in a liberal, democratic society. And Democrats make sexual harassment laws. These laws tell us what we can and can't say in the workplace. And what we can and can't ''do'' in the workplace. No, because we don't call it fascism. Do you understand?  Just look at how big this house is, Kyle. Just look at it. Thank you, Your Honor. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, Everyone has committed a crime here, and Everyone must pay for that crime. My client, Everyone, has been hurt by this crime and must be compensated. Your honor, I'd like to make my closing arguments.  No! Don't you see? Th-the panda's right. Boy, what a great message he has! When you sue people, you just end up causing a lot of problems for society. Uhwell, I've really learned something today. All I could see was the millions of dollars coming to me and I didn't care about where the money came from. Well, I'm no longer doing sexual harassment lawsuits in schools! They're too vague and too easily corruptible. Thank you, Sexual Harassment Panda! Yeah, well, whatever, sooo let's... not... sue anyone again. Okay, come on, guys. Let's go get some ice cream! 