Hello everyone and welcome back. We are live at South Park Elementary School where the local girl's volleyball team is about to take on the Jefferson Sabers.  Might be totally unexpected. All eyes were on Nichole when Heidi Turner comes out of nowhere and sits down. And, as the anthem draws to a close, this thing is over. And Mike, this new anthem is said to have everything the old one had but, some new surprises as well. You'd have to be an absolute asshole not to stand and support it. And the Anthem begins, let's hope this fixes America. Ohhh! And J.J. Abrams has absolutely shattered expectations, Mike! Now whether people are standing, sitting, or kneeling, they are all honoring America. J.J. Abrams is a wizard, Tom. A wizard.  And there's the rest of the Anthem, all the parts we remembered and loved. J.J. Abrams has fixed America. And, hey Jim, it is packed. Sellout crowds tonight, first time in team history. Everyone turning out to see what's going to happen. This week with athletes all over the country sitting down for the National Anthem,  the question on everyone's mind is "What is this little girl gonna do?" The National Anthem starts. Nichole Daniels seems to be waiting. So far no si... Oh!  And Heidi Turner is sitting down!  And there goes Meghan Ridley! The crowd is going wild. What a turn of events! Let's check in with Dave. Complete surprise, Dave. Nobody saw this coming. Three girls now sitting down and finally, there goes Nichole. The final result, four athletes sitting out of the National Anthem, three of them not even black. A shocker here in South Park, thanks for joining us.  Hello everyone, we are live at tonight's game between the '49ers and the Panthers, but of course what everyone is really here for, the unveiling of the new National Anthem rebooted by J.J. Abrams. This is such a big night for America that both Presidential candidates are here.  And there's the Giant Douche doing the same. More people sitting now as Abrams has made it irrelevant. Who saw this coming? She's not gonna sit down. Why would she? Screw that. I've got 100 bucks riding on this. Come on, Nichole. Sit on it! This is it. Wow, Yeah, 100 bucks! Oh great. Everything's getting a reboot now.  Oh. Oh-okay. Well, this is usually a giant douche household but... we're going firmly with the turd sandwich. That's right.  You can put my wife and I both down for turd sandwich.  What? What the hell is wrong with people?! They really think that a giant douche should be President?? It's insane! You can't possibly be thinking about voting for the douche?! What's wrong with you?  Because we're Americans. 'Cause this is America  Cyyynical. Cynical maaan. You just think everything and everyone is dumb, huh? 'Cause you're a kneel-ist. See, you're such a nihilist. What is wrong with people, huh?! How can they vote against a turd sandwich more than a giant douche?! It's senseless!  People actually think a turd is worse than a douche! Member berries? Oh, they're adorable.  Ohh, I 'member. Wai- what?  Wait. What the fuck's going on with these member berries? Stan?  You can't just stay in your room all day.  Everyone's divided. Nobody's getting along. And there's people like your MOTHER who are thinking of voting for a DOUCHE because she doesn't have a BRAIN. I don't know what's wrong with people in this town. More and more are agreeing with your mother. I tried getting on community message boards and swaying people's minds but... it always ends up with some asshole talking about vaginas and photoshopping a dick in my mouth. That's where we're at today. Everything sucks. Okay, what?! The fuck?! Is wrong with you people?! I just saw a new poll that says more and more of you are thinking about voting for that douche! 	You're tellin' me that after that debate, you still wanna vote for that guy?! Did you see the same debate I saw?! 	 I agree. 	Shit, I'm startin' to really like this guy. I was wrong, Stephen, I'm votin' for your guy. 	It's just...  I see what you mean. He talks like an ordinary person. And he has a lot of the same emotions I do, you know? He's got my vote. 	 What? You were just voting for him yesterday! What happened?? What the hell is wrong with people?! You just don't flip back and forth like that?!  ...I did. What's going on, Stephen? Why does everything suck this hard? But how did we get here? Completely confused and with shit for choices? It's like... it's like there are other forces at work.   Yeah, I have some questions about uh member berries? Oh my God, there's this many? Gerald. Hey come on in. You're not alone, bud. We're all facing the same struggles and trying to do something about it. Anyways please continue, Richard. It's okay, man. You're not alone. And that's how we got here to this very memberberry election. What have been your struggles with memberberries, Gerald?  Michael, are there memberberries in your pocket? Anyway, Gerald, what has your experience been? 	Hey, Mr. Garrison. Come on in, bud. Have a seat, you're not alone. No lynchings here, little cowboy. Take a seat.  You wanna share with us what you're goin' through? It's not your fault, little guy. 	Not your fault. You've gotta stop blaming yourself. Here, catch.  That... is why millions of Americans want you to be President. But there's more... Every great empire reaches a point where going backward can seem more appealing than forward. When the world is changing so fast it makes us yearn for the old ways, when life seemed simpler. But it doesn't mean those old ideas are good for us now. We have to face one hard reality as a country.  The new Star Wars was not as good as everyone thought it was. It may seem fun to go back and recycle the past we loved, but we end up with no sustenance. Well, that's important too, I guess, but, it's just a symptom of the same thing. See, when a civilization has become so big it starts to get lazy, then that's  Once too many Romans ate the member berries there was no more growth. They rested on their laurels just eating and 'membering all the good stuff. Thought so too till I zoomed in.  You see, we all wanna go back to when we were kids. Simple ideas like a big man to protect us, keep us safe. Instead of a fresh new Star Wars we want the old, just recycled and plopped in our tummies. Does this look familiar?   That's much easier said than done. They're resistent to just about everything I tried. Uh, there has to be something. Damn it!  These things are impossible to get rid of.  Nothing kills these things! They're not in the jar?  That's it. Look, it's over.  Even if we've found a way to eradicate them now, we don't have time to implement it nation-wide.  You're gonna have to talk to them.  you're gonna have to speak from the heart: not make it about you. You know what these things are capable of. Even if you lose the election, another one like you is gonna rise up and take your place. J.J. Abrams is seeing to that. All I know is that for the future of our country, you're gonna have to give one last speech: the speech that everyone needs to hear, a speech where you finally just talk like a normal human being. What have you done?! You maniacs!  This isn't how it was supposed to happen. Garrison! Garrison, what the fuck have you done?!  Where is he?!  Do you have any idea what you've done to our country?! You admitted you didn't know how to run a country! You agree people were supporting you just because they like the new Star Wars, and you begged me to help you lose! No it wasn't!! Something else has to have happened!! There's nothing great about rehashing all the old Star Wars moments into a new-  I, I suppose... I suppose I can watch it one more time. Give it another chance. Well, I don't know about you guys, but I sure am excited. America is going to be great again. Aren't you excited, gang? Aww, come on, Shelly. We've learned that women can be anything. Except for President. Have you really watched it, Sharon? It has more to offer than just nostalgia. Let's all watch it again tonight. Yeah. Yeah, fuck Denmark. No,  but there is somebody he will still listen to. Now please rise for the National Anthem.  Welcome students and parents to tonight's matchup between the South Park Cows and the Bona Festa Demons. And now please sit, stand, or kneel for the National Anthem. Ooh! Fuck them all to death! And Mike, I've just looked at the girl's Twitter accounts and it appears they are sitting out the National Anthem to protest the harassment and trolling they receive on the Internet. Oh my god, that was great.  Randy, you gotta calm down. Look, maybe you need some supplements to help calm your nerves. Have you heard of member berries? It's a new superfruit that helps you mellow out and relax. The guys at work told me about them. Been taking them about six months now. I'll telling you, they really take the edge off. 	Some are. A lot of people like what he has to say, alright? More than ever. Don't you get it, Randy? There's people in this country who are sick and tired. Tired of hearing all the rhetoric. Tired of Washington failing us while they pat their own backs. Finally someone comes along and says what he feels. That's why people like him. You can say what you want, at least he doesn't sound like another politician.  What? Are you out of your fuckin' mind? You wanna vote for that douche?! He'll ruin this country! Yeah, but not anymore! I don't know. You just did. I don't know. Nobody knows what to think anymore. I'm just tired of thinkin' about it. Come on, let's relax and' have some member berry pie. Gerald, come on. The first step towards healing is admitting you've got a problem. Oh my gosh! Honey, it's the nearly-Gentleman! Well of course, that's very gentlemanly of you.  Oh. Well, I'm afraid Butters is grounded for pressing pickle at the nail salon again. Uh but, but of course we'll make an exception.  That'd be great. No matter how hard we ground him, he remains defiant.  Butters, stop smooshing snake! The gentleman is here to speak with you.  Mr. President. And what are the police gonna do to make sure people don't use it?! I know I'll certainly respect others' privacy, but about other people like  Laura Tucker the Blabbermouth? The President? He won't listen to us. He hates us now. Ah, play ball.   Alright, ladies. First of all I wanna say that I completely respect your decision to protest our national anthem. Thought it was sweet. I believe you shed some light on some very important issues regarding gender equality. Ladies, I understand you're upset about the trolling you've received on the Internet, but there is no evidence that Eric Cartman is Skankhunt42. Well he claims that he's been working at changing himself and the world around him.  Send in Mr. Cartman. Mr. Cartman, I'm gonna ask you one more time, are you or are you not the Internet troll Skankhunt42? Alright boys, I've had just about enough of playing games.  We have a gender war on our hands! Make no mistake, gentlemen! Our community is under attack! And if we don't get to the bottom of it... there's gonna be more students like Eric Cartman... wandering the hallways with no connection to the rest of the world. Make no mistake! I want to be very upset. However, as a community, we have all decided that people have the right to protest the National Anthem.  But they did so peacefully and without malice towards others. I want you to understand something, ladies.  and the only difference is that their protest included physical gestures, then I'm body shaming! That's what happens when you sit out the National Anthem. Alright everyone, listen up. This school is falling apart, and it needs to stop. Boys are harassing girls, and girls are stereotyping boys as- Not now, Mr. Stotch! Put it away! Now I've asked for some ideas and a couple of students wanna try and help. Please welcome Heidi and Eric.  Alright everyone, listen up. I know that many of us were shocked to the core with last night's election. But we cannot allow our school to be any further divided. It is time to try and start the healing process, and so here, to try and help us heal, is Bill Clinton.  God  How the fuck did this happen?! I told you to leave me alone, Mackey!  I'm not in the mood! Uh, not at all. Please uh, have a seat, Mr. Garrison. Uh, please have a seat, Mr... President. Certainly want to uh, congratulate you on the election. I know we've had some differences, uh... I'm sorry that your position here at the school was terminated.  What are you doing about Eric Cartman?! He's lying. Make him show you his phone. Come with me. Join us.  Here. I know how you feel, Eric. I know how hard it is when school gets out. With no phone, no human contact. Come on. There are others like us here.  	I want to tell you... that I'm sorry. 	When women first started getting trolled on the school message boards. I was sure it was you. I was wrong. So when you held the assembly that woman were just as funny as men, you... you weren't being sarcastic? 	Do you miss your friends? You do now.  Hey. Why is that? ...Is that a joke? I don't get it. The hardest part is not having any followers. I used to go places just to show them where I was. You dip your French fries in the sweet & sour sauce?  Wow, that's really good. I'm starting to feel like life isn't gonna be so bad. 	Yeah, of course. Girls do not have balls, no  Do you want me to show you?  Eric, hey! I got us both chocolate milks. The pink and blue one?!  put it on me!  The show's on at five tonight if you want to watch it at your house or my house. Why? What's going on, Boo? Shut up. I don't even try to be funny. What? Babe, stop. I don't think he meant anything by it.  Look, Kyle, I think it's great you're trying to patch things up with everyone, but the truth is Eric and I are just kind of out of it now. We gave up social media and the ugliness that goes along with it and we're in a better place. Hey, leave him alone!  Sorry, babe, I had to step in. What's up?  Eheh, stop, Eric. Thanks, babe. I don't know if you guys have heard, but right now, Denmark is trying to make trolling a thing of the past. They're asking for help, and I thought "why not a school fundraiser?" What? How did I say it?  When was this? Were we at Denny's?  Oh, and you kept spilling it and everything? He had that weird haircut and you kept saying that it looked like he had a dick on his head. Then we should all come together  Hey guys. Today we're gonna start our school fundraiser. It's an idea I came up with called "Danishes for Denmark." We need everyone to do their part, so later on in the cafeteria, we are all gonna need to-  I really feel like this is the start of something new! We're gonna help Denmark, and Denmark is gonna put an end to trolls. Hello.  Buy a Danish to help stop trolling? How come nobody's stopping? Maybe this was a terrible idea. Then, all of this was... for nothing. Oh no! This was a terrible idea!  I'm so stupid! Why did I even think I could bring the boys and girls together again? 	Stop baby, no I'm not. I have an idea. I might be able to figure out the source of who trolled you last night. What are you thinking about, Babe? You're worried about him again, aren't you? Your friend, Kyle? Then talk to him babe. Tell him what we're doing. Maybe you can get him back. Eric really cares about you, Kyle. He feels like he's losing you and he's really upset. '''' This is gonna seem a little weird to you, okay? Before I quit Twitter and threw my phone away, I was trying to prove who our school message board troll was. Before I stopped searching, I learned something.  Take a look. To try and prove who the troll was, I started to for patterns in how students used emojis; then I crossed-referenced that with the troll's writing. I call it "emoji analysis". People can hide behind a fake name, but the way they use emojis gives them away. After I had eliminated nearly every student, I have started to realize that the troll's emojis were more archaic and less elegant than the average kid's. That's when I realized it; whoever Skankhunt42 is on the school message boards, it isn't a student, it's an adult. I think... it's one of the parents. I had enough examples of the teachers' texts and emails to do an emoji analysis, they were much more in lines with Skankhunt's, but still not a match. What is it, Eric? What's wrong? Come on. We don't keep secrets, remember? You said you wanted to be perfectly honest with me, always. Yeah. Well I'm glad you told me, 'cause now I know. Of course.  You've never given me a reason not to believe you, babe. You have no reason to worry. People will know it wasn't you. With emoji analysis, everyone will be able to tell exactly where any comments came from. I can't believe it, babe. I really didn't think things would end up like this. I just... feel so disconnected from the world, you know? I really thought this was gonna be the moment that proved girls could do anything, like you always say. I'm just glad I have you. At least I know you believe girls are smart. And funny too, right? You're always saying how people need to get over that girls are funny. Hey, are you okay? This election really got to you too, huh? Me too, babe.  Me too. Hey babe. What's the matter? Okay. I know, babe. You've talked about how humankind needs to get to Mars for a few weeks now. Babe, there's no way to get to Mars right now. I trust you with everything I have. Eric, we're so far from home. You really think there's hope? You really think this is what we should do, babe? I gonna miss everyone. Oh yeah, that movie was funny. Wow, I guess you're right. What, babe?  Why do you want me telling you jokes all the time? Well, did I tell you the one about the skeleton and the skunk? I call it "Emoji Analysis". It isn't a student, it's an adult. I think it's one of the parents.  Babe, I have no idea what any of this means. Girls rule, women are funny, get over it.   , Dude, I am so not getting this.  I don't understand what any of these symbols mean, so in my head I'm trying to replace them with something I know to try and see patterns. And when I do that, I can see how everything lines up except for one thing. . These two don't line up, babe. The only things that are out of order.  Excuse me. Is it possible that the seventh line from the right and the third one up from the bottom left are out of sequence? That stuff there. Its in the wrong place. It needs to come before that.  I just-- have a boyfriend who really supports me. There's a bomb threat? Babe, is everything okay? You seem...distantly lately. Did I do something wrong? You don't really talk to me the same way you used to. Oh, God, I'm sounding needy, huh? Eric, I just--I hope that you're always honest with me, even if you think it might hurt my feelings. Wow, babe. Looks like all our dreams are kind of on hold for a while, huh? Well, what do you mean? It is him, it's completely obvious, and nobody is doing anything about it! I'm not funny. I don't feel like being funny right now. It has to be swift and serious. We have to make a statement. The girls in South Park aren't going to be treated like afterthoughts anymore! Oh my God...I don't know if I can go through with this.  They took their wieners out! This was an attack on us. This is exactly why we sat out the National Anthem in the first place!  He is stupid! Look at him! Heidi?! 	How is this our fault?! At least we actually did the work!  You wanted to see me, PC Principal? It's "Skankhunt42" and no I am not. Unfortunately, that'd be a breach of my civil rights, but I can assure you, nobody respected you girls' poignant protest more than I did. Fellow students, as you know, an Internet troll by the name of Skankhunt42 has been harassing women and girls by making degrading comments on our school message board. The girls are very upset, and many male students believe that it's just because girls don't have a sense of humor. I beg to disagree. Girls rule, women are funny, get over it. Just the other day, in the hallway, I heard two male students saying how the new Ghostbusters sucked balls. I was shocked and appalled. It is time for us all to realize and accept that girls are cool, and women are funny. Wendy? Wendy, could you come up here, please? Come on up, Wendy. Wendy Testaburger, guys.  Say something funny, Wendy. We can't wait. Hey, girls are funny, Wendy. Okay? Get over it. Just do women's comedy stuff. You know, talk about how fat you are and how you wanna have sex with guy and then say "my vagina" a lot.. And that's just the kind of sexist bull-crap that's gonna keep you in the kitchen. Sit your ass down.  This isn't a joke, you guys. Girls are funny. Bebe, why don't you come up here? Come on, Bebe. No? Come on, talk about havin' sex with guys, and say "vagina" and stuff like that. Go ahead.  Girls rule, women are funny. Bebe, get over yourself. Seriously.  Huh. Oh my God, that wasn't really all that funny. That's weird. Um, let's see. Red? You have any zingers for the crowd? No? How about you, Nelly? K, that wasn't really funny, it was just angry. K, that's good, now just try to say it a little funnier now. Okay, and then, and then, and then just go, "my vagina."  Are you all ready to hear a story? This was a book I created all with my imagination. It's called "Little Red Riding Kyle. The story of a little gay boy and his adventure with four hilarious women. One day, Little Red Riding Kyle was walking through the forest thinking about guys. He was on his way to visit his grandma, who was a little black boy named Tolkien." Get over it. "But then, a big bad wolf who was a hilarious woman named Janet walked into the house and said 'I have a large vagina' and traded place-"  Rebooting fairy tales to try and ease the friction caused by Internet trolls. Why would I do that, Kyle?  A bunch of girls! They cornered me in the gym! They said all boys needed to pay! They kicked and they hit me and, and they kept me down and drew this vagina on my face!  They said it was to send a message! Yeah. See, here's the top of the vagina and there's the balls. ''[Kyle has lost interest] '' It's starting, you guys! None of us is safe anymore! Yeah, no, they do! Vaginas totally have balls! Right? What do you mean? If vaginas don't have balls, what do they have?  Hey broship. Got a minute? You were right, Kyle. Okay? I drew the vagina on my face. I tried to fool people, but you keenly noticed my one tiny error in that girls don't have balls. Kyle, you have to try and appreciate what I'm doing. I know that a war is coming between us and the girls. I knew it the moment they sat out the National Anthem. Suppose for one second that I'm not Skankhunt42. And that I really have been doing what I've been doing to try and stop the damage he has done? 'Cause I'm scared, Kyle. I don't know if you've noticed, but race wars are back. And now if we get gender wars too?? Yeah but... you can't track down an Internet troll,  it's too bad. Totally, you guys; this has gone far enough.  You hear that guys? It'd better not happen again tonight!  I am so, seriously. 'Sup dudes?  Are you serious?! All night broship ''Counter-Strike'' party? That's fucking sweet! Does your uncle's cabin have good wifi? Bros!! Dude, that's so awesome! This is gonna be the best night ever! This is gonna be so awesome. Just hanging with the bros playing ''Counter-Strike'' all night. Alone in the woods - you pumped Tolkien? I'm totally gonna do some massive pwnage. Whoever's on my team will be stoked. My laptop's so fast it doesn't lag at all. I can jump around like a pwnage powerhouse. You guys all seem kinda, like, bummed out. Is everything cool? Okay, cool. Goin' a long way to play ''Counter-Strike''. Guess it's sweet though there won't be any adults to screw it up for us. How much further now? This place has sweet wifi, right? Gon' be so awesome. Oh, dude, is this it? This is cool. So isolated.  Check it out, there's a shovel next to a hole dug in the ground. Dude, is this where we're gonna play? I call dibs on this side! What's the wifi called? Is there a password? I don't see it - I don't see it coming up on my laptop. I don't know, I think maybe the wifi's not working. Where's the box?  You gotta unplug it and plug it back in.  You guys? You guys...? There's...no wifi... What are you...What are you guys talking about - What- Oh my God. Oh my God, you guys are gonna break all my stuff so I can't get online! Please! Please don't break my stuff you guys! This is like, 2 Christmases and a birthday worth of stuff! You guys can't do this! Please! No, don't-get-it-over-with! Don't break my stuff! I'm not SkankHunt, I'm not! You guys, you guys, you don't have to do this! You-don't-have-to-do-this! We can still just play Counter-Strike, and forget everything! Oh-my-God, there's no wifi - We can use my phone, to make a hotspot and we can still play Counter-Strike! And it'll be sweet! You guys, come on, please! Please, you can't! Please, Clyde! Clyde, you're my friend! Please, y-you know how much - I - need - my - stuff! No please! If I can't get online, I won't-how would I-I- ''Mumbling.'' No, God! No! Don't! Don't!! Don't!! Oh my God!! Oh my God!! Oh my God!! Oh my God!! Aahh!! Niah!! Niaah!! Iaahh!! Iaahh!! Niaaahhhh!!!  Iaahh!! Heidi? Heidi Turner? Where?  The park?  I miss my stuff. For what? You weren't the only one. I guess I didn't deserve a second chance. I really tried to make changes. I really tried to become a better person. To sh-show that I was trying to listen.  Women are funny, Heidi. Get over it. Every time Amy Schumer talks about her vagina, I lose my fuckin' mind. I don't have any friends. I don't know if I ever did. Kewl. 	Hey.  I was thinking again. About how women are just as funny as men. And then I realized... that the only way to really be sure is to see if African-Americans think they're funny. Because, black laughs matter. Yes, it is. Yes, you do.  Heidi, does it ever get any easier? Living in this world? You wanna go somewhere? I'll follow you.  Yeah. It's the best, dude. Try it. Yeah. I think I am too. Heidi, can I ask you something? 	Do girls... not have balls? So when a girl goes to scratch her balls, how does that work?  I just don't understand what's at the bottom of a vagina. 	...Holy shiiit.  Hey, Kyle. Cool. That's cool. I saw a vagina, Kyle. I'm not holding a grudge. I'm happier now. I have purpose. My girlfriend's. She stood six feet away and flashed it really fast. But in that instant, you know what I saw? I saw that humankind can colonize Mars. I saw the potential of our species to terraform other planets and reach the infinite.  Of course you did 'cause you're amazing. Look at what I made you. That's what my baby wanted.  Oh sorry. Heidi, you know Kyle? Oh either way, we totally can. I, I guess Kyle has something to talk to us something about first, um.  Go ahead, Kyle. He said something about us working together to take down Butters. I'm not sure, Boo.  Heidi is amazing at figuring stuff out.  You want to know what's really going on? I'll tell you what's going on. Even though women have made great gains in the last century, there are still a part of men who aren't comfortable with women having power. It really just comes down to that, and then you have social media which allows men to anonymously say horrific things like "Women aren't funny," even though Heidi's like the funniest person I'be ever met.  No, it's true. Get over yourself. I know. You don't have to 'cause you're awesome.   Oh I see! You have a problem with Heidi. You're threatened by her because she actually has interesting things to say and she is funnier than you.  or is she just not funny because she's a girl?  Sorry, babe. It just really ruffles my feathers.  Look, Kyle, we're just out of it now. Humans on Mars.  Hasn't this gone on long enough? Aren't we tired of being so divided at skewl? It's cool, Baby. Heidi has been really hurt by all of this, you guys. And I think it's time for us to all try to come together, as a skewl. Hey you guys? Guys, we have a lot of problems facing our skewl. I don't know if many of you know Heidi but she's really smart and really funny. You are. And she's come up with a pretty cool idea. Tell 'em, baby. Yeah, but the way you said it was actually way funnier, remember? Remember, you were like "Oh, what if we had a fundraiser?" in uh, what was it?  Remember, you- it was like uh- 	Yeah, we were having uhh, that dessert thing. What was that, that-? Yeah, yeah, remember? Remember that there was that, that guy that had that, what was it Yeah yeah yeah, that's when you said that- don't let anybody-  Oh hey guys. Wha-what's up? Oh right. A school fundraiser. Tomorrow, we'll be going to each individual class with more information. And after that...  It's awesome. You're doing awesome. We can work together hand in hand to make the whole world understand that And then maybe everyone can finally be as happy as we are. Terraform Mars. It was a great idea.  Hey! Hey, buy a Danish for Denmark? What? Heidi!  Don't say that. Because you're smart and funny, that's why. It was a great idea, Heidi.  I think that somehow... trolling is playing a bigger part in this than anyone even realizes. People of Denmark, we know that you've been the victim of trolling. So have we. Maybe we can help. I'm not sure if you know my girlfriend Heidi but... She's really smart and really funny.  You are, babe. Stop it.  Go on, babe, just tell them. Tell them.  Hi!  Mars rules! Just thinking about how much we could accomplish if... people weren't so close-minded.  He's not a bad person, Heidi. You're right. You're right, Heidi.  Hey, Broship. You got a minute? Just a second. Please, Kyle? Okay,  come on, Baby. Kyle Kyle, I know you haven't had a serious girlfriend, but you've stop caring about seeing each other in the bathroom.  I remember not that long ago, Kyle, when you told me in this very room I believe, that you were going to prove who the troll was no matter what. Do you remember that, Kyle? Where's ''that'' Kyle?  I wonder what the old Kyle say about this Kyle. I wonder if old Kyle would be pretty disgusted right now by who he's become. Heidi's been working with Denmark now, Kyle. I want to show you what she's done. It's gonna change the way you think. Like you said what you would do, Kyle, except she actually meant it. She's funny too, Kyle. You're not giving her credit for being hilarious. Hey man, can we have a quick chin wiggle? Look, the other day when you said Heidi wasn't funny, that was pretty lame, man. 	Oh my God, will you let it go?! Why do you have to have this hangup against women?! 	You do, Kyle! You have to think about the things you say! They matter!  Yeah, to catch trolls.  Well, Heidi doesn't actually use the Internet. We've sworn off that stuff, so it's kewl.  No, it sucked! I'm gonna send Butters an e-mail right now.  How can they make what ''I'' said on the Internet available to the public? That's bullshit! 	I gotta go!  Not kewl! Not kewl!  It's all falling apart! Weak! I-I, I don't know. It's just hard. And I do.  I think it was over the summer I went to see the new ''Ghostbusters'' movie. And, and during the movie I was like "Wait, where is my phone?" and I couldn't find it; and then Jimmy said "Ha ha ha, screw you, Cartman," and he was holding my phone and he ran off with it and said, "I gonna send a bunch of texts and emails from your phone so that everyone thinks it's from you,"; and I was like "No, that's not cool!" and he said "Yeah," and he said a bunch of mean stuff before I went to go get him and I took my phone back; and I'm just worried th-that people look at my Internet history, they're gonna think all that stuff came from me! So you totally believe me? Hey hey Butters, can I talk to you?  Do you remember an e-mail I sent to you a few months ago, after I saw the new Ghostbusters movie? In which I might have said something to the effect of it totally sucking balls because women aren't funny? I just need to see exactly what I e-mailed you, Butters. And then I need you to e-mail me saying what an awesome prank that was e-mailing you "Ghostbusters sucked balls" when actually I told you it was really funny several times in person. A traitor? Sticking with my kind? You guys broke all my stuff! Yeah. Neither did I. You can't stop believing that. Now more than ever you have to stay strong. You are smart, Heidi.  You're funny. Oh my God, when Amy Schumer talks about her vagina I seriously lose my shit. Yes, Heidi. For the first time I'm really scared for the future. Heidi? Heidi! Sorry, I have to talk to you. It's really important. Heidi, we... have to get to Mars. No, Heidi, we have to get to Mars like, now.  I've seen what's gonna happen when Trolltrace goes online. I think... a lot of people have said and done things online that will make a lot of other people angry and, it's going to be very bad. Humankind is going to destroy itself and its only hope are the people who go to Mars, where there's no wifi. So nobody can see what anybody said or did on the Internet, ever. Yes.  Heidi, I think there is. But you have to totally trust me, and know that I'm doing this to save... us. That's kewl. We aren't gonna see home again, babe. We're gonna make it. There's no turning back. Yes. I do.  Hello. I understand that you're trying to get to Mars. This is my girlfriend, Heidi. She's really smart and really funny. We've given up social media and we'd like to be somewhere as far from the internet as possible. Is it true Mars would have really shitty Wi-Fi? Well, we'd like to go. We can't tolerate this world anymore and we'd like to talk to whoever we can about getting to Mars as soon as possible please. What others? What the fuck, dude?! Ah god dammit, is that Cher?! Jesus, I didn't think getting to Mars would take this long. I know, but it'll be worth it, babe. We'll be left alone to make our new world better.  What the hell are you doing here? Oh no no no! You're a male chauvinist sexist pig, Butters. You don't get to go to Mars. Butter, Butters! You expect people to believe that you went from being the biggest asshole in the school to a softhearted feminist like me? Fat chance. Yeah? You just forgot one thing, that women are funny too. That didn't occur to you, did it, Butters? Yeah, I mean, when women make vagina jokes I think it's the funniest thing ever!  Oh, I see what you're doing. Oh nothin', babe. I'm just... Do you think you could tell me some jokes? Because you're  fucking hilarious.  Oh, finally. Oh great, a stupid tour guide. Can we just talk to someone important please? We want to go to Mars.  They already have Pizza Pockets. Excuse me, Mr. Musk, this is all super interesting and shit, but can we see the Mars rocket now? Whoawhoawhoawhoa, what about going to Mars? No, no nonono, we have to go now!  You got it figured out yet, babe? Heidi, yes you do. You just have to get over yourself. Come on, say it. Say it.  Get over it, baby. Stop holding yourself back.  Just give her a chance.  She's the smartest, funniest girl on Earth. Yeah,  They won't let you get over yourself.   What are you doing? I mean what are you doing here calling my girlfriend funny? You better back off! You don't even know her, your just saying it! How do you even know she's funny?! Butters, Heidi is everything to me.  If you take her, I swear to god... What are you talking about? Not Heidi, she's different. She's really smart, and really funny.    I just don't understand it. She's always been really smart before. And hilarious.  Nobody's been duped! Stop suggesting that she's being manipulative. Why would she want to trick me?  That's ridiculous. That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard. Heidi is the smartest, funniest person I've ever met. I'm not being tricked. And I'll prove it to everybody!  Hey, babe. Uh, how's it going?  Okay, cool. Uh, babe, you remember that funny thing you were saying about soup the other day. What was that again? Do you--you remember that funny voice you did at McDonald's? You were like "Could you--Could you hand me my water," or something. I can't--I can't remember. Or the time you said the thing about clouds and I was laughing so hard--What was that again? Okay, okay, now could you just do the "my vagina" thing for them? Could you just say "my vagina"? What the fuck is happening? Conniving, snakes-in-the-grass. All of them. We have to tell someone the truth, Butters. It's all been leading up to this, we've just been too blind to see it before. Maybe just a moment alone, to talk? The end of our species. Listen, there isn't much time. This whole thing has to be stopped. We can't go to Mars. I've had visions of Mars for the past few months. I'm a visionary. That's why I came, why I brought her. But the visions weren't complete until recently. I know what happens on Mars. Everyone will be really nice. You'll think the rover cars and roller coasters are really cool. But then, you'll realize something--The other colonists all seem to be women. And then you'll start to wonder, "Where are all the other guys?" And soon, you'll realize there's areas you didn't understand the purpose for. And that's when you'll learn the truth... Men have been forced underground, deemed useless by women. They are mined for the only things women still need us for, our semen, and our jokes. And you'll be trapped down there forever, in the cum and joke mines of Mars. If there's even a little part of you that really doesn't believe that, then think about what else has to be going on. You have to help us stop this! Elon, I know you've dreamt of mankind getting to Mars, but its not going to be very kind to man. They're going to put us underground. What's the one thing women don't have? Semen and a sense of humor. They're pretty related. Oh, Elon. Oh, Christ, Elon. It's something they do to our brains. They attract us like flies to the spiderweb. And then they make you think they're really smart, really funny. But they're only really smart, Elon. They can live without us. We can't live without them. If even 1/16th of you believes that women might not be as funny as men, Elon-- Elon? What the hell am I going to do, Butters? Semen and a sense of humor. I can't live without Heidi. I know I'll be miserable. But I also can't live on the cum and joke mines of Mars. If I stay on Earth where the internet is, Heidi finds out I know women aren't actually funny. And if I go to Mars, I get milked like a goat.  Is that Kyle?  Kyle, do you mind? I'm having really big girl problems right now. Attention all SpaceX employees.  Please evacuate the building immediately.  We just received a bomb threat from NASA. This is not a drill.  The NASA terrorists are super-jelly of us. Please quietly and calmly find the nearest exit and get the fuck out as fast as you can.  Oh, hey, babe. Wh-What's up? Oh yeah, I was just...They told me on the stifernisy thing. It was spinning. Come on, we better get out.  Distant? Really? Oh my God. I-I'm sorry.  Uh-huh, uh-huh. Yeah, go on. Uh-huh. Yeah, cool. Heidi, I'll always do what's best both of us.  Now come on we got to get outside. Well, looks like you're gonna have to kind of start over, huh, Elon?. Maybe you should just go back to your little cars, huh? Yeah, well some people's dreams are other people's nightmares. It was a joke. Fellow Senators, our nation is divided like never before. While people everywhere fight for their voices to be heard, perhaps it is time for us to consider that our national anthem needs to be changed. Americans need an anthem that inspires and excites, an anthem that has something for everyone while still paying tribute to what it once was. I believe there's only one person capable of achieving this.  J.J. Abrams. He saved Star Wars, and now we will ask him to save our country.  J.J. Abrams!  Mr. Abrams? Mr. Abrams, we need to speak with you.  Mr. Abrams I speak on behalf of Americans everywhere. We've come to ask you to reboot the national anthem. Please Mr. Abrams. We know you've been asked to reboot a lot. We know you're tired. Look, there.  One light means yes, two lights means no.   We know you're tired.  NO! Get the mic out of my face! You should've seen what he said about my mother on her Instagram! Pages and pages of disgusting things! So you're just gonna let the boys take their wieners out whenever they want? Yeah, I got one. You're a fat fuck!   You see, what the problem is, is that when a little troll is allowed to say anything he wants anonymously, then he speaks for all you boys! Go ahead and get on our school message board and see what he's saying about us! Then see if you guys think it's funny! The time has come. We said if the trolling didn't stop, there would be severe consequences. Get the word out to every girl in school. It goes down tomorrow! I don't care if you're a boy, I'm gonna kick your ass! Pull up your stupid pants first. And as our country seems to be more and more divided, the only hope is that J.J. Abrams' new national anthem will appeal to everyone and bring back those nostalgic member berries we know and love. Hello sir. I'm with the Gallup poll. We're trying to get a read on how people will be voting in the upcoming Presidential election? Great. And will you be voting for the giant douche or the turd sandwich? Oh, the turd sandwich, huh? Well, good luck with that, heh. So far, giant douche is leading in the polls. Why'd you say I'd be voting for the turd sandwich, Randy? You haven't even talked to me about it.  Go to hell, Randy! Randy! You just spent the last month convincing me that the only reason people wanted to go back was because of a childish nostalgia they all had for the new Star Wars! What?! I don't wanna watch Star Wars any more than I-  Hhhawgh! I just don't understand why every four years you people freak out over whether to vote for a giant douche or a turd sandwich. Why are we doing this again? Why are we back to giant douche and turd sandwich? It's nihilist. Heidi Turner. She... she quit Twitter. Yesterday after school, she wrote one last tweet that said goodbye forever, and then just got off for good. No dude, she threw her phone in a river. She's... she's gone. Okay. Can we all agree now,  that whoever is doing this, needs to stop? So tonight, whoever is doing this, isn't going to do it again! 'Cause if he does, we're gonna have to do something about it! Clyde's right. What else do we do Kyle? You know better than anybody what a monster he is. We do it out in the woods. I know how to get him to go. After school, we're gonna go to my uncle's cabin - in the woods. We're gonna have a slumber party and play ''Counter-Strike'' all night with no one around to bother us. Yeah, but don't tell anyone where you're going. We don't want adults to know cause there's gonna be a ton of junk food. Everything's fine Cartman. We'll just get there sooner if maybe we don't talk much. You brought this on yourself, Cartman. We're sorry. What have we done? You didn't hear? The troll, SkankHunt, Kyle. He was all over the internet last night! It wasn't him Kyle! We took Cartman out for no reason.  We can't undo what we've done. What happened, Dad?  Everything sucks. You really think that's gonna make a difference? Yeah! This is a pretty sweet turnout!  Mr. Garrison? I can't imagine how you're feeling right now. I know that the election didn't go the way you'd hoped. What I want to say is, I'm sorry.  I know that girls have gone through a lot lately, and I just want you to know that... I'm here for you. I am gonna change. I, I am. Yeah well, but I, but I want her to take me back. Okay, look. The bottom line is, you still have to have faith... in boys, because... because I miss you, Wendy.  Go away Butters!  For what?  Okay! Dude, he's not around anywhere. He must be out of town. Newest Gallup Poll results are in and they show Giant Douche to be leading Turd Sandwich by nearly 10%. Turd Sandwich has said there's no reason to panic. Polls are of course a useful tool, but they can often be misleading. Our campaign is holding strong.  Mrs. Turd Sandwich? Yes, Arthur? I'm sure that like me, Giant Douche realizes that polls are never the final answer. Uh, Mrs. Sandwich, do you believe that your opponent will gain any momentum from this poll? Yeah! Suck that poll you dumb bitch! Up 10%. Can you believe that shit?!  Caitlyn, can I ask you somethin'? Uh, when we actually get into the White House, like um, what are we gonna do? Well I mean, like, you know, once we're President and Vice-President, like, what do we do then?  Cait, you, you heard about the poll, right? We're probably gonna win. Don't tell me you don't have a plan. I don't have any fuckin' plan! That's why I have you! I'm gonna be the President and you're gonna be in charge of all foreign and domestic policies! Are you tellin' me that we're about to be voted into office and we have no idea what the fuck we're gonna do??  Ohhh Jeeez! Thanks, Matt. Huh! Huh well, well who said that? The turd sandwich? Well, Matt, I don't think I said I would fuck them all to death. Oh, sure, okay.  Fuck them all to death! Let's make this country great again!  Yeah! Those ads that are tryin' to kill us? I'll fuck anyone in the advertising business! And they'll all die too! Uh huh, okay. I do. I do, Matt. Uh, I mean, I'm not gonna just get elected, you know, and, and look like a jackass. Huh, huhuh.  Ohhh Jeeez. Come on, people! I need answers! Real solutions! You're my advisers, for Christ's sake! How do we do this?! That would take way too long! And there's no guarantee every pool in Florida has Zika!  Ugh! What the hell do I do? If I win I won't be able to do what I promised. But every day I keep going up in the polls. Why did the Democrats have to elect such a turd sandwich? If I quit, I look like a total jackass.  but I have to make sure she wins. Hello sir, how are you today? I'm calling from the Campaign for President, just seeing if uh, I can get your support for Hillary Clinton today. Yes, I know she's a turd sandwich, but you know if ya, if you look past that, you know she, she really has a lot to offer. Well, I hear you, but sometimes in life you just gotta suck a turd, you know? Hello?  Dammit! This is impossible! Are you having' any success, Caitlyn?! Every time I do something awful people just get more stoked on me! It's impossible to piss people off anymore! Turn it up. Ohhh Jeeez. That's it, Cait. That's what I have to do. I'm gonna sit out the National Anthem on live television. Then everyone will have to vote for that turd sandwich! When I sit down to not support this thing I'm sure to lose this election! Here it is! Wait a min- what, wait, what? Wait.  No, this was supposed to! Oh! OHHH JEEEZ! Everyone, I need to just speak from the heart here. Uhm, I don't know what the fuck I'm doing. I've gotta come clean. Uh, I had no idea I would get this far,  I'm a sick, angry little man. Please, if you care at all about the future of our country, vote for her. Okay? She's the one who at least has some experience. She, she's not as bad as you think, I promise. And unlike me, she's actually capable of running this country.  Okay, look, look, just, vote for her, she... she knows politics. She really wants to put this country first. Would you just please shut up? Get out of your own way.  She doesn't mean what she's saying. She just doesn't know how to take this because... it's very weird and her advisers probably t- Fuck, oh fuck, why the fuck does it have to be her? I am so fucked. America, please listen to me. I have no idea how to be President. I am a complete jackass, and I have made a giant mistake here.  Nononono, nononono, why are you clapping? I'm not a good person for the White House. I am not a good person, period. I am peeing my pants... at the thought of being President, okay?  You don't want a guy like me in the White House! You don't even wanna know the shit I've done! I have scissored with another woman when I had a sex change! No, no! I'm not the guy you want going to Russia to negotiate with Putin. I'll probably end up gettin' drunk and tryin' to suck his dick.  OHHHH JEEEZ I hate all of you so much. 	I seriously hold so much contempt for each and every one of you pieces of shit.  I don't wanna be here. Please just let me go. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know anything. I'm scared. I'm completely clueless how to proceed. I just... spew bullshit and cry myself to sleep at night. Stop thinking that I'm anything more than a douche in over his head. For fuck's sake, please. There's  still a chance, are you serious?!  Oh you don't say? So I'm standin' in line at the airport, waitin' in security 'cause of all the freakin' Muslims.  And the TSA security people all look like black thugs from the inner city; I'm like "Oh good, you're gonna protect us?"  Oh yeah, look, I guess some more broads are leavin'. Oh Jeez you were so on board, I can't believe I let that little offensive mark slip. Poor girls. Did you get your feelings hurt after "Fuck all the immigrants" and?" Jeez, I'm sorry. Jeez.  Oh really? Jeez that's too bad.  Hey, sorry. I didn't realize women were racists. I mean, I don't know. Nothin'. Whatever.  Oh no, I'm I'm trying. I just- Shiiit!   Okay children, let's take our seats! Let's uh, get back to our lessons on grammar, shall we? Okay, does anybody, uh, remember where we left off? No? Alright, uh, who can tell me what an adjective is?  Who can t-who can tell me what an adjective is? Adjectives usually come before what? They come before nouns, that's right. I don't know what you're talking about! I am a teacher!  Okay, adjectives describe nouns, and there are several types of them- What are some examples of adjectives you can give me for this sentence? Anybody?  The yellow ball. That's a good one. Or we can say "the slippery ball," can't we? What else about the ball? No, please!  What else can we say about the ball, children? No, please! Leave me alone!  Oooooohhh.  Oohh! You, you're not gonna try and lynch me too?  I just- I thought we could fuck them all to death, and everyone started listening to me. Next thing I know I actually get the nomination from the Republicans! It is my fault! I told people I could make the country great again, but I didn't have a plan! I got caught up in people cheerin' for me, bein' in the media every day. I, I led this entire election down the shitter. Well then, whose fault is it?! What the fuck is this? I thought you were gonna explain why people want a guy like me to be President. I think those are just grapes. 	You almost make it sound like J.J. Abrams is responsible for this entire election.  Ohh Jeeez. Presidential election is only two weeks away. We have to  destroy these things. Try the acid. We have to keep trying.  Where did they go? No, I'll go find more.  Then how do we stop them from getting me elected President?  Nothing matters! Well that's just impossible.  Don't you get it, Randy? I'm not a politician. I never was. Oooh geeeeez! My fellow Americans, we live in an un-presented time of uncertainty. I want to speak to you human-to-human because with God's grace, this will be the last time you ever hear from me. When I started this campaign I was saying a lot of shit because I was angry,  There is only one thing that matters now. On November eighth, you must vote against me, and show the world that you didn't think the new ''Star Wars'' was all that good. When you're in that voting booth, remember that every vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote that shows the world we agree that ''The Force Awakens'' was more like a happy day reunion's special than a movie. The choice is yours, America. Please make the right one. Yeah. Fuck them all. I changed my mind. The new Star Wars was actually really good.  Well, do I look presidential? They really worked on my stank face. Look! Whenever I don't know what people are talking about, I just do this,  They did a really good job on my stank lips. Now I feel ready to take care of business and do what really matters...  in just a minute, I'm gonna do the UV rays a bit longer.  So sorry for the intrusion. You're not too busy, I hope. Excuse me? That's better, bitch.  Do you remember the day you fired me, PC Principal? I was upset because a bunch of immigrants were changing my class and I believe your response was that I needed to go and "learn their language", "be more open-minded". Are you really?  Because you see PC Principal, you helped create me. You insisted that I was a bigot, that I was an intolerant relic left over from another time. But now, I'm your president. And if there's one thing I've learned about becoming president, it's that your penis can get really ''dry''. When all the skin on your penis is drying out from working ''so'' hard to get elected there's only one thing that can fix it, isn't there? Saliva, from a good friend who once doubted you. I need you to fix my problem, PC Principal, so that we can be even-stevens. What do you say, bud? Hey everybody!  Hello, Stephen.  This is the President. Oh, really? I'm kinda busy right now, jeez. War?  So I can do whatever the fuck I want in here now, right?  Okay, good. Thanks! Oh that will come in handy. Oh hell yeah, it's necessary. Let's do it. Love me some football.  Well, jeez, this doesn't look very fun. Why? What the hell happened? What's TROLL TRACE? For what? Well, why are you asking me? Well why would we care about Mexicans?! Well what does that even mean?! I don't know, jeez! What? Memberries? Get inside your head... Wait a minute... Nobody gets in my head, you limey bitch! Are you insulting me?! Stop wasting my time! 'Cause I'll have you here on a plane in five hours suckin' my dick!!  Well what do they want me to do about it? Mr. Slave?  This is the President. Well well well, crawling outta the woodwork to try and get me back now that I am a big cheese? Who wants me to bomb Denmark? Mr. Slave, this is all very complicated, diplomatic stuff, okay? You can't just go bombing other countries. Oh I'm a bitch, huh? I happen to be President, bitch! I'm not scared, my advisors have told me that I... If I decide a military strike on Denmark is warranted, then I will... Oh  Bomb Denmark!  The TrollTrace building or the whole fucking thing! Whatever it is, get the missiles ready! Yeah, yeah. Bomb the shit out of them. We have to be tough here. Oh geez. What does Kyle want. This is the President Oh, for Pete's sake, Kyle. Kyle, this is all very serious diplomatic stuff, okay? You can't understand the political complexities involved here. Excuse me? Who told you that? Kyle, I am the President. Oh that's what people think, huh? Well, maybe I won't bomb Denmark. What do you think about that?  Hold up! Hold up on the fucking bombs a minute! What do you mean? How the fuck should I know? What plan? I thought you had a plan. Maybe you should just quit. I've tried to get people on board, but she's just such a turd sandwich. You're just gonna have to do something awful to throw the election.  Thanks.  Buckle up, buckaroos. He's resting. He's had a busy week. Maybe some people enjoy nostalgia and going back to what feels comfortable. I'll go. Honestly, you look twenty years younger. It's an amazing transition. I thought you were gonna do that part. I think they called it German Collective Guilt, right? Where even the Germans who just did nothing while Hitler rose to power were, were maybe somehow also responsible? But I can't control what Cartman does, so, so why should I feel ashamed for what Cartman does? I don't think the answer to all this is member berries. Agh, never mind. I'm just gonna stay out of it.  What the hell are you doing?! You really think you're fooling anyone with this fake persona?! Everyone knows you're acting this way by day so you can be horrible to people on the Internet at night! I don't really care! Just don't drag me into it!  Goddammit!  Do you guys even care how this makes the girls feel?! We all know who did! And if we don't do something, then the girls will eventually retaliate against us!  I didn't know vagina had balls. You're just trying to start a war, aren't you?! It's not gonna work, Cartman! I'm not gonna let you divide boys and girls in this school anymore! when this whole thing comes to an end, you're gonna be all on your own!  Yeah? What are you doing here?? I'm going to the bathroom!  They sat it out because you were harassing them online. Why would you care?! If we could just prove who the troll was, then the girls wouldn't be wanting a war, would they?! Just know this, Cartman! I'm going to prove who Skankhunt42 is, whatever it takes! Everyone is going to know! And Skankhunt is gonna pay for everything he's! ever! said! Yeah Dad. Just thinkin'. Dude, what's going on? Hear what? What happened? Oh no.  She'll get back on. The girls want to see Cartman punished so we have to prove it's him. Yeah, but not like we'd actually do it. Stan... You can't be thinking that we'd- Are we seriously talking about doing this? We're almost there. Just put your stuff on the table and step back.  What we had to do. What's going on? Hear what? No, that's impossible! Oh my God. Oh my God...  No. Uh, he quit. He probably got fed up with all the negativity and decided to end it.  I don't know. Okay, that was the cops! The cops were here! But we were wrong! Dad, can I talk to you? All the girls at school are really mad. It's like, one guy gets online and says terrible things about girls and it reflects badly on all of us. Everyone's sad, everyone's depressed and nobody knows how to move forward. I guess what I'm saying is, I'm starting to feel a lot of guilt, just for being a boy. How do I not feel that?  Guys, I've been thinking this over a lot and ... we need to be more active in showing the girls that we respect them. There's a big girl-volleyball game tonight and we should all go and show our support. I do. We need to show the girls that not all boys aren't the same and that we are willing to change.  Butters? Butters, you need to calm down. Dude, this is awesome! Did you see how many of the boys I've got to come out tonight?! This is exactly what we needed. Thank god people listen to me. Oh  no! Everyone all right, guys?  Hi, Cartman. I'm so sorry, what we did to you. This Internet troll has everyone going crazy. We shouldn't have assumed it was you. We shouldn't have broke all of your stuff. No! I know it's not cool. I know you're figuring out how to get back at us. What?! You saw who's vagina?  I'm being serious, Cartman. Butters needs to be taken down a notch and you're the best at that.  The, the school is in trouble and, um our friends are...   Cartman, will you just help me mess with Butters to stop his little agroclub from getting any bigger? You know what I mean. Come on! We need the old Cartman back! That's not true at all!  I have a fundraiser at school. What?  It's true. Denmark got trolled last night. They left social media.  Yeah. Oh, what do you want now?! Hurry up! Ah! Dude, what the fuck? I'm going to the bathroom! Why?  I have to stay with my group, Cartman. What is? What is all this? Wow, that's pretty smart. You mean like one of the teachers? Are you sure? Emoji analysis, it's genius! She wasn't being funny. I don't! Cartman,  I did some research on the Danish Web site you've been helping out. You do realize that once TrollTrace is online, anybody can use it on anyone, right? So somebody, like Heidi, could use it to see ''your'' entire Internet history. Everything you ever said and did on the Internet, even before you were together. Right, but somebody, like me, could look up your entire Internet history, print it out, and give it to Heidi. I would imagine there's some things you've done or said on the Internet you wouldn't want Heidi to know about. It's available to everyone, stupid! Dad, what the? Dad!  Where are you? Dad, what's going on? Mom is freaking out. No, Dad, I need you back home. Please, I-I'm so confused right now. Ike?  What are you doing? Well what'd he do? What? You made people quit Twitter? You started a war between boys and girls? You...?  I just felt bad for him, ma.  Hi dad. It was you, this whole time. You're the troll that caused all of this trouble. Heidi Turner did an emoji analysis. It was an adult. It was you.  Why dad? Why did you do this? Putting a penis in the mouth of a mom who has cancer is funny?! How?!  Somebody's threatening your way of life and you all are just sitting here praying, like uh a bunch of babies? Come on, this isn't South Park! What's happened to us?! We used to have a challenge and deal with it, then move onto the next one. Now we've just been dealing with trolling and Internet stuff over and over, week after week; and I don't know about you, but I'm getting pretty sick of it.  Now for once let's take a stand and try to end this. We can't let Denmark change who we are. You guys need to, you know, call the President and get him to take action. Alright! Officials have stated that all communication with Denmark has end, and that a military strike on the country is now imminent. The President stated that since then... Ma, we were just using it to look at the news. I'm not against you, mom. What is dad doing in Denmark?!  Mr. Garrison, you can't bomb Denmark! It's--It's wrong and it could start a bigger war.  I understand that you're a dipshit little gay puppet. Letting your ex-boyfriend manipulate you 'cause you miss his sweet ass. Everyone knows that. You only do what your little bitch boyfriend manipulates you into doing. You're a little dipshit president. With a dirty asshole. And you shit out your dick.  Where did you learn to talk like this? Yeah, you will, because you're a little retarded shit bitch.  I don't know if I'm strong enough to go through with this, but its the only way now. Just remember--I always loved you, little brother. Let's...just get this over with. He's in the pantry. Ma. Mom, we are really sorry... But Ike and I have to do something and we have to be able to use the computers. We have to do this, Mom. Its the only thing that can save our family now. Okay, okay, Tolkien? Tolkien are you there? Alright, <poem><i>I'm not jokin', yeah</i></poem> I need you to tell me the worst thing I can say on the United Negro College Fund website to piss off black people. Tolkien, please! There's no time to explain! That helps thank you. Tweek, Craig, I need you to get on the GLAAD website and respond to all the horrible shit I just said about gay people. It's not important, just get on it and respond.  Stan! Finally. Dude I need everybody online now! Dude, there's no time to explain, you gotta go out and get everybody, tell them to get on their computers, go! Jimmy, what's the worst possible thing you could say on a website for handicapped Syrian refugees? All right, who else we got now, Kevin are you there, Kenny? No, Ike. So far the only thing you've done is from dad's account, we need you to stay clean. No trolling, Okay!? You can just help me with what I should say. Who are you? O-- Okay? What the hell is "Trevor's Axiom"?  Shit! Mom, there's been a mistake. Ike isn't the school troll. We're trying to help-- Mom, please, you got to listen to me. Ike is innocent No, Mom. You just don't know everything.  I'm sorry, Mom. I'm just trying to protect my family Why don't you kill yourself? Trust me, no one will care. You fat hooker. Ike, when this is all over, we're gonna need to clean your mouth out. Stan! You still haven't found Butters yet? Dude, I need his hatred towards women right now! Shit! Hold on...  Oh, hey, Mr. President Uh...what do you mean?  It is?  Thanks? Butters! Where the fuck are you?! SpaceX? Why?!  Like...how ginormic of an energy source? Cartman, I think we might be able to help each other.  Mr. Garrison, I might have just found a lot more energy. Is there anyway the Pentagon can connect to SpaceX?  You know, the company trying to find new forms of energy, create jobs and get mankind to Mars. Mr. President, do it! Uh huh, uh, m'kay, okay. Well J.J. Abrams was just rebooting the National Anthem, Kyle, so everything's gonna be fine, m'kay? You don't like mem- member berries? How could someone think these things are bad?  Alright students, I know we're all dealing with the loss of a good friend. We have to accept the fact that Heidi won't be on social media anymore. I know we're all gonna miss her, m'kay. We're gonna miss, seeing what she's up to; miss seeing her silly pictures she'd post of her and her friends, m'kay. But this is what can happen when someone gets bullied online to the point they just can't go on anymore.  I know that some of you are feeling anger, m'kay.  Some of you are feeling a little guilt, asking how something like this can happen. But the best thing we can do for Heidi, is come together as friends, and as students, m'kay. So now, why don't we all get on Twitter, m'kay, and just tweet some of the, things we loved about Heidi, m'kay? M'kay. Oh, that's nice, that's nice, m'kay. Oh, that's a good one Sarah, uh-huh. That-that's a - that's a pretty poem. Nice Butters. Oh, Heidi would have loved this so much. This is so special, m'kay. Mueeh... Oh! Er, hi Scott.  Scott, come on, we've talked about this. You don't wanna quit Twitter. Who'd be happier? Well, what about your parents, huh? How'd you think they'd feel if you quit Twitter? Of course they'd notice. They'd be saad, m'kay, they'd be saad. You've got so much ahead of you Scott; so many posts and tweets still ahead of you. You haven't even started to see what social media has to offer you. You can't-you can't just end it all. Not now. There you go, m'kay? But now you come back here anytime you're having bad thoughts, m'kay? Okay, okay. Now, Scott-  O-kay... Ohh, Scott, uh, I-it's sort of after hours, m'kay? Hah, alright Scott. Come on inside. Huumm... Oh, Goddammit. You've got to be kidding me.  This is Counselor Mackey. What's going on Scott? Okay Scott, just try to calm down. You don't want to quit Twitter. That's not true, no one would be happier.  This fucking kid, oh my god...  Everybody thinks you're a great kid, Scott. Okay, umm, how 'bout this, just umm, promise me you won't quit Twitter tonight, and we can - we can talk all day tomorrow, okay? M'kay?  Oh, for fuck's sake...  Uh-huh, okay, go on with that.  Goddammit, just do it already... Oh I 'member. 'Member Chewbacca? Yeah. And 'member AT-ATs? Member? Ey! Hey, 'member Ghostbusters? Ohh, I 'member. 'Member Slimer? Oh, I loved Slimer. 'Member? Ohh, I 'member.  'Member The Fugitive? 'Member Bambi? 'Member Alien Nation? Yeah, I 'member... 'Member Explorers? The little kids in a spaceship? 'Member storm troopers? 'Member? 'Member Spock? Yeah. 'Member tricorders? I 'member. And 'member Bionic Man? 'Member the Millennium Falcon? 'member Chewbacca again? Oh I love to 'member Chewbacca. I 'member. 'Member? Hey hey hey! 'Member when there weren't so many Mexicans? Oh, I 'member. Yeah, yeah, yeah! 'Member when marriage was just between a man and a woman? I 'member! Oh, I 'member. Oh yeahhh. 'Member feeling safe? 'Member no ISIS? 'Member Reagan? Ohh, I 'member. Ooo, 'member? Ooo, 'member?  'Member TIE fighters? Oh, 'member Jawas? 'Member? Hey, 'member Jurassic Park? Ooh, you love Jurassic Park. 'Member Jeff Goldblum? Oh, I 'member Jeff Goldblum - he was really tasty.  I love Jeff Goldblum. 'Member? 'Member the Cantina? Oh-hoh, I 'member. 'Member Star Destroyers? Yeah, I love Star Destroyers! 'Member? 	'Member Tattooine? 'Member the torture droid? I 'member? Hi, 'member Goonies? I loooved Goonies. 'Member Chunk? 'Member? 'Member the trash compactor? Oh, the trash compactor. 'Member the 80s? Oh, 'member the 90s? Yeah yeah, but 'member the 80s though? Nonono, 'member the 90s?  'Member the Dagobah? Yeah, I remember the Dagobah. That's where Yoda lives. 'Member Yoda?! Oh, I 'member! Oh, 'member Corellian Corvette?! I remember Corellian Corvette! The Commander in Chief Forum, with a giant douche and a turd sandwich. Ladies and Gentlemen- For our National Anthem we now ask you all in solidarity to please rise.  Decision 2016. The first Presidential debate, with moderator Lester Holt. Back now with the Commander in Chief Forum. I am joined by the Republican nominee, a giant douche. Mr. Douche, some say you don't actually have a viable plan in place if you were to be elected President. In your campaign, you said that you will deal with our country's immigrants and enemies by personally  fucking them all to death. How do you plan to actually achieve that? Okay, well, let's roll the tape on that. So by our estimates, it's roughly 7.6 million people you have promised to fuck to death in your first year of office. And, and, you think that's achievable? Alright kids, today we have a very special treat. One of the older students has written an original children's story and is gonna read it to you. Come on over, Eric. Yeah! Maybe, if you swam in a pool in Florida, you could contract the Zika virus. Then you fuck all the people you can, and hope they eventually die. Could you use nuclear weapons? Then fuck all the bodies after the fact? Haha! You guys see what Skankhunt42 did on the school server now? Hehe, he photo shopped a picture of Heidi Turner's mom with a dick in her mouth!  Eric! What happened! They're talking about how they're gonna get us - what do you think? That's how the world works now. You get blamed for the group you belong to, even if you didn't do nothing! What are we gonna do about them? He's not gonna stop, he's loving all this! He wants the girls to hurt us! It's him, or us!  It's not the police we have to worry about, it's Eric. He's gonna get us. It doesn't matter. He's comin'. He's comin' to get us.  Eeeaaaahhhh! It's been a rough few weeks, Baby. The girls are still mad about being trolled on the school message board, parents are all freaking out about the election and, and I tell you... you are glad to not be living in this country right now.  But Baby, I love you! I need you! You can't break up with me! Oh my god, I can't believe they got to you.  Those sneaky snakes in the grass! Well you know who, the girls in my school! They all broke up with their boyfriends and now they got you to go along with them! So then it's true! You're all snakes in the grass! Every  last one of you! Oh Charlotte?  Honey? Well why don't you just shut the fuck up, Kyle? this is our fault, how boys need to change. Well I'm getting pretty sick of it. Everyone else seems to be proud about who they are, but not us; and then we get Uncle Kyle here telling us that the girls are right!  wieners! No!  We tried doing it your way, Kyle. We tried doing what the girls wanted us to do and where did it get us?  Right! It turned us against one of our own match, that's what it did! What happened to Eric Cartman is the girl's fault, not ours! I'm done feeling guilt. I'm a boy, dang nab it! And you know what? I'm proud of my little wiener. Mark my words, the moment is coming when you all need to decide; are you with your kind,  or are you with Uncle Kyle.   We walk together in peace! We walk together in peace! We're not poor for feeling ashamed in who we are! We're not gonna feel guilt for the way we were born! Wieners out! Don't let anyone tell you you are somehow nice because you're a boy! Don't let anyone tell you to not think with your wiener, as if your wiener is a bad thing! What makes us different makes us beautiful! No more shame, no more doubt, no more bigotry! Don't be an Uncle Kyle! Be proud of who you are! You are either with us or against us! It's really that simple! Good for you, Uncle Kyle!  Anytime anywhere, skank. Why? You're afraid to fight me like a man?  The bouncy ball?  That's it! I am through with your stupid crap! Every house I've been to just rips on me and and says Denmark is stupid! I told you fellas! This is what you get for working with a bunch of stupid girls! What do you want?! Well I don't know, Eric. NO! I'm not doing anything for you! You're a traitor! Yeah! Boys and girls were at war, but you go and kiss your little girlfriend's ass! Whatever happened to sticking with your kind?! Because girls drove us to break all your stuff, dumbass! If anyone should be pissed at chicks, it should be you! But no, you got your bitchy little girlfriend pullin' your strings now! Oh God, listen to you!  Traitor!  How dare you be ashamed of who you are?!   What? Well, I'm just angry, Mr. Gentleman. I'm tired of girls saying boys need to change. Somebody has to stand up for our rights!  No. The end? Of what? Hey, Eric!  Well I want to get the fuck off this planet, but they told me I had to take a number.  No, you don't understand. I've seen the light, I'm a changed man, I thought boys were being treated unfairly, but now I know... shit's about to get a lot worse. Loolooloo, I've got some apples. Loolooloo, you've got some too. No no, believe me. I'm a changed man. Girls are really smart, and they'll be running the country soon, and they deserve total respect. Well I don't think there was ever any question women are funny. Remember that movie ''9 to 5'' with Lily Tomlin and Dolly Parton? Well I laughed my butt off and it never even occurred to me that they were women. I don't know why things changed. I don't know why people make such a big deal about women and comedy now. I mean what about Carol Burnett? She was great. Yeah, well I swear I don't care how many times Amy Schumer talks about her vagina, I laugh every time.  Hey, that's me too. Yippee! Mr. Musk, wait!   He-heyeah! Don't worry about Heidi, she's a hoot.   Going pee! Because you keep on telling everyone she is. Eric Eric, trust me! I want nothing to do with girlfriends!  I know what girlfriends do; they make you feel happy like you never felt, then they crawl up inside of you and poop out your heart. That's how it ends, Eric. Girls get you to feel for them, make you think they're the best thing in the world, and then they leave, move on to the next thing; and you're left there crying, with your heart covered in poop. Sure buddy, sure. Don't feel bad about getting duped, Eric. Its happened to all of us. The truth is girls hate us, Eric. They're sick of our shit. And one day, they plan to make us obsolete, stick us underground where we just get milked for our semen. Boys' only hope is to start over on Mars. Yep. Are you sure about what's going to happen on Mars. Because Eric knows the future. I used to think women were funny, too, but Eric talked me out of it. Gee, I don't know what to tell you, buddy. What?! Oh, I'm at SpaceX. Where are you? Well, we sort of created this ginormic energy source, but now, we're trying to figure out what to do with it. Like enough to get humanity to Mars. I wanna see. We didn't do it. We're never gonna prove that and you know it! We have to make him stop! How would we ever get away with it? Let's just get it over with!  We did what we had to do. Why'd you say horrible shit about gay people? That's a vagina? You didn't hear?  What do you think they're talking about? Then let's end it. Cartman is the cause of all our problems. Always. We all know what has to be done.  It's not like we haven't talked about it before - fantasized about how we'd do it. I'm sure you will. The girls are gonna do something drastic to us. We have to take matters into our own hands. I can't listen to this! The cops? For what? Nowhere. Kick her ass, Butters. She called you stupid. Oh yeah? You guys fucked up all the frosting! This is breaking news. The moment has arrived. It is here. J.J. Abrams says he has finished the new National Anthem. The anthem is sure to be fresh and exciting while recapturing the moments we all knew and loved. Democratic nominee Turd Sandwich said she will be in attendance to show her support for the rebooted anthem. Let's all hope that this new anthem puts our differences aside and unites this nation once again. Oh I loved Bionic Man   You okay, son? Well um, I'll be in my office if you wanna talk.  Well, you never know, could be someone who just, kind of thinks it's funny to stir the pot and watch everyone freak out.  Uh, you know! Maybe the fact that it's so not funny makes it somehow funny, to kids? Gosh, I-I certainly don't understand it. Ike? Can I talk to you?  Come on, pull up a chair. You know, we had a big parent meeting at the school tonight, and uh, apparently, there's someone trolling the school message boards and, putting... penises in people's mouths. And whoever it was then got a big reaction from it, so he's now putting penises in people's mouths all over the internet. And... he's actually getting pretty famous! Sooo, Annie Jerkin's mother started an online campaign to stop internet trolling with a picture of her and her daughter, and you know what happened? She got a dick in her mouth! Ha-okay, okay, I know, it's just guy humor stuff, you know. We can laugh about about it here, but, it is serious too. Well, love you pal. Get to sleep, it's a school night.  Oh, hey! Yeah, yeah, we talked. It was good. Yeah, well, I'd better go and get some of my work done. Yeah, don't wait up. I'll be a while with these stupid case profiles. Night sweetie.  Hey, I'd like to volunteer to kick you in the vagina! Where do I sign up?! Your daughter has a mustache - what the hell is wrong with your ovaries bitch?! Sorry! My bad! Ha ha! Don't worry! Oh, no please. It's no problem at all! I made the news...  Yes! Hmm...Game on whore. Game on.  Nice.  HA!  From the three-point line! Oh! Police!  Yes? Uh... regarding... uh regarding what?  Hoooh. Sure, that's one of my son's friends. Hooo... another one, huh? Kyle!  Kyle, have you seen your friend Eric online? Look, officers, why don't you just go ask him why he quit Twitter? Ike, got a minute?  Oh. Eh hey, can you turn that up?  Oh my God! Oh shit! Oh shit oh my God! Oh God oh no-oohh! Oh God! Oh God! Oh God! Oh God! Oh God! Protocol Zero. No evidence, clear history. E-mails! delete, delete, delete, erase, erase, trash, trash.   Our computer's broke. 	It broke and I had to throw it away. 	No now you just throw it away. I'll get us a new computer tomorrow. Then I can see if we can pull your recipes up from Ike's computer, and that way we- Ike's computer! Shit!  Move move move!  You? Do you know who I am? Do you know who I am, Ike?  Oh God... Sure, Kyle. Uh huh. Good. Sorry Kyle, I have to meet someone. Talk to your mother.   I don't know why you are harassing me. I don't even own a computer. Are you with the NSA or Homeland Security? A colleague? Dildo Shwaggins from Pussystores.org?! You're just a troll?!  Oh thank god! !  Why couldn't you just say, "I know who you are. I'm a troll too,"? Why do you have to be so fucking cryptic?! Look, I'm not really a troll, okay? I just started as a Yelp reviewer and got sick of how everyone's stupid comments sounded.  I just like messing with people 'cause it was funny. I got carried away! For what? It's not a way of life! I was just doing it for the LOLs. . .  I'm great! Totally good. Just sitting down and ... doing nothing. Is there a problem with that? Is there a problem with just wanting to sit and just ''be''? Is that illegal now? I'm totally happy. ''I'm happy''. I don't need to do anything to make me happy, fuck.  Ah! Ah ah, ah! No, no! I'm good. Get that away from me. No, sorry! I love it! I'm just swearing off electronics for a little bit.  No, I'm good! I don't need it! Nothing, Sheila. I'm fine.  I'm just trying to make some changes and less electronics is part of it. I'm sorry, Honey. Everything is okay. Promise.  Go! Go away! Go go!    What is this?! I, I don't even know what a member--. I don't even know what memberberries are. Yeah.   No, nothing! Got all caught up with work!  I'm going on a run!  Fuck you!  Yeah! Screw you, Skank! You fat little bitch! Go kill yourself, whore! Yeah, fuck you, bitch! Fuck you!   Oh, sorry, Hun! Sorry! Everything's fine, Kyle. Go back to bed. Nothing is going on! Okay, okay. I'm going to tell you the truth, Sheila. I watch porn on the Internet. I'm sorry. I'll try to stop. Oh yeah! But uh, it's uh, but this is different. Right! It's really embarrassing. It's... porn! It's... uh, piss! Porn! Piss porn!   No!  Oh no, no! It's not like that. No! I, I, I want you to! I just couldn't ask.  Yes? Yep!  So hot, I mean  It wasn't suppose to be like this. I just thought it was funny making people get wild up. It was just stupid-harmless-lock-room humor, till I made that lady kill herself.  Don't call me that here! Why can't you just go away?! No! Don't you get it?! I went "Protocol Zero"! I broke my phone, I delete all my email accounts so that nobody can trace me  ever again!  Can you please call me "Gerald"?!  Fffffuuuuuccckkk! This can't be happening.  Then it's over. I'm dead. I'm not necessarily Skankhunt42.  It's Gerald. Alright? Alright, look. How do you troll somebody? No, no, no, it's not about one person. It's about pushing people's buttons so that they'll react in a way that pushes other people's buttons. Look, you don't just troll a woman with cancer to get a reaction from her, it's all about the group of people that are gonna come to her defense. They're gonna be so self-righteous that another group of people will eventually find those people totally annoying. You're just setting them against each other. It's like the fission reaction that sets off the fusion explosion. The Internet does it all, and you just sit back with your glass of wine and laugh. It's not mean if it's hilarious. If we all worked together? Maybe.  Maybe. Okay, come on. Office is upstairs.  Oh, hi honey. Yeah, it went really well. This is uh, my IT guy. Gonna help me get my office computers set back up. Don't worry about us, hon. Lots of work to do. Love you so much!  Ike, no Internet tonight. We need all the bandwidth we can get. Say hi to Dildo Shwaggins. Yeah? Well now you see I have a lot to lose if they find out who I am. 	What? I told you, it's just funny to me. I do it for the lulz. Skankhunt42 standing by. Alright, engaging Twitter... now! Prepare for overreaction on my mark. 3... 2... Mark. Did they pick it up on Yahoo? Oh, shit! Go to, go to Huffington! 	Oh yes! This is CNN front page right now. Oh, Kyle! Ahh, hey, I didn't think you'd be leaving yet. 	Well, did you see what was all over the Internet? Everyone's ripping on LEGOs. Yeah, now the whole world is blowing up with Danish jokes. It's hilarious. Wow, fuck Denmark, huh Kyle? That's gotta be what just about everyone is thinking now. Fuck Denmark.    What are you guys doing here?! Wh-what are you talking about "next one"?  Can I talk to you for a second? Why did you bring them here?! That was a one-time deal so nobody would find out who we are! The election?! I don't give a shit about the election! You don't troll to be political! No, I just do it to laugh, like I did when I was a kid! Don't you just remember being a kid and calling someone a fag for no reason?! Right! Like it was just fun, right?! Getting political doesn't do anything for me. I just like remembering when I was a kid. That's it. You need to get those people to go and then you need to go. Ha ha ha. ha. You stupid bitch. God. Fuck you! Nobody cares about your fat, little--  Yes? I told you to stop FaceTiming me while I'm on the computer. It's very distracting. I'm trying to just use the Internet! People should be able to use the Internet without being harassed. No!  Nobody cares about your fat sister with Lyme Disease, skank. Oh you got to be--Are you joking?! Buddies like when? When were we buddies? I don't have time for you! I'm sorry, dude, but I have a life. I have a wife, and kids,  and shit to do! Because you won't go away and let me just have fun!  Oh here we go!  Yes it is! You mean my  fucking screensaver. And what are  you, Dildo Shwaggins? Huh? You think you're a fucking political activist hauled up in your shitty little midget condo. You're nothing but a pissed off little giant, lashing out at everyone because you can't get laid! Stop trolling me. Stop fucking trolling me.  Oh my god. Oh my god, they've done it. Ah! No! No no no no no!  Dildo, they done it! The Danish figured out how to hack everyone's Internet history! Ahhh! Oh God...   They're coming for me, Sheila! They know everything! Everything I did online! It's over! Sheila! I'm sorry, Sheila. Please know that I love you so much. Goodbye Kyle, Ike.  Where are you taking me?  Dildo? Turd Sandwich... I don't understand. My help? Exactly! What do you want me to do? You mean like... like James Bond?  Wow...  And then everything can go back to normal. That depends. Are you asking me? Or are you asking...  Hi Ike, it's Daddy. Everything OK there?  Well it turns out that even the- Oh, hey Kyle. Tell your mom everything's fine, okay? I'm helping out the government. It's top-secret stuff, but everything's finally gonna be okay. Kyle, you've gotta lighten the fuck up, buddy. Every day with you it's "Dad, I feel guilty about this. Dad, I'm so confused about that." You're a kid. You're supposed to just laugh and make fun of shit.  Miller. Von Miller.  I'm the ambassador of technology from the Turkish Islands. That's right. Nice little country you have here. Really clean. Mhm.  Oh. Yes, they're nice. Ah, I wouldn't know. Ha, haha. No, no I, I-I'm just anxious to get a look at your servers. They must be quite impressive. Ahhh... no. Oh, wow. That's terrible. I'm fine. I... I think the frikadellers gave me a little heartburn. Ah, if you wouldn't mind, could I see the servers now? Thank you.   What the-? Dildo? What the fuck are you doing here? Nononononono, that's what I'm doing. Hillary Clinton says I was the only one capable of- All of us? Who?  What the hell is going on? No!  Please, you have to let me outta here!  You can't hold people prisoner! I haven't done anything! People are gonna be looking for me! Ike?! Ike, buddy, can you hear me?! I need you to do something, okay? Daddy needs your help! I need you to go to your browser and sign on to the school message board, okay? Can you do that for me? The school message board and then log in. Lowercase S, skank-hunt-4-2. You got it?  If Skankhunt is still out there trolling, then they have the wrong guy! Get it?! It's called "using your brain", fatso! Nobody cares if a kid trolls! What are they gonna do, get a slap on the wrist? You don't know my fucking wife!  Ike, you got it? Great, pal! Okay, now I need you to go to the comment section, okay, and type in "You should all get raped by gorillas". You got that pal? Ike, "You should all get raped by gorillas"! Come on, we have a lot of work to do here! Okay now make sure the little worm is in the woman's mouth, got it? Now I need you to type "You're a fat retard" in the comments. No, you have to say "a fat retard", Ike! It's a nuance, but it's very important!   Hey sweetheart, how's everything going? Are you serious? God dang it! Let me talk to him right now! Hey Ike, just stay calm and act like I'm yelling at you, okay pal? Okay, give it a few seconds, wait. Good. Okay, now--now say "I'm sorry, dad. I guess I'm just fucked up inside". Ike, you have to listen to me. On your mother's life, this is a matter of national security! You have to say "I'm sorry, dad. I guess I'm just fucked up inside"! That was amazing, kiddo. It'll all be worth it, okay? I'll make this up to you. Give me back to your mom. He's full of shit, he's not sorry! If he felt sorry, he wouldn't be able to do it in the first place! I'm gonna get home as soon as I can to deal with this, okay? We can deal with this together. Just don't say anything to anyone for now, all right?  Ike! Okay there's just a few more things I need you to do. I need you to type "How'd you like a donkey dick?". You're suppose to just laugh and make fun of shit. Ike, where the fuck have you been?! Daddy needs your help. You don't want Mommy and Daddy to get divorced, do you?  You know how bad your mom is, she completely overreacts to everything. That's where your brother gets it from. You don't want to be like Kyle, do you?  Hey, buddy! Everything good there? No, it was your brother. I don't know what's wrong with him, Kyle. He needs counseling...  Shh, shh. Shh, shh. Okay, keep your voice down. Because it's fucking funny, Kyle. It's called having a sense of humor, and laughing. You should fucking try it once in a while! Because it's so not funny, God! Pushing people's buttons to get a reaction can actually be very good for society, Kyle. Listen to me, the Danish are fucking crazy. You have to get people to stop them. Go get people riled up. Call the President. I don't know. When you push people's buttons, they go and push other people's buttons. Now get out there and...  Oh thank god. There's been a mistake, okay?! I'm not one of  them. My son is Skankhunt42. Go online and see, he's still doing it!  That's a positive thing, right?! I wasn't doing it to hurt people, I was just doing comedy. It's different! Please, it's different!  You were right, Dildo, when you said I was a dick, when you called me an asshole. I am. And now I'm going to die alone, just like you said (starts crying again)  You said I was, though, 'cause I only trolled to be...funny.  Really? You don't think I'm a bad person? I'm sorry. All you guys, I'm sorry.  Excuse me. Hello? Could I please speak to the person in charge?  Please, just for a moment?  Oh, my gosh. Thank you so much for talking to me. I just really needed to get something off my chest. I'm so sorry. I had the biggest epiphany about the damage I've done, the people I've hurt, but the fact of the matter is I'm not really a troll.  I actually have a job. I'm a lawyer. I've got a loving wife and great kids. Uhm, I've got a family that really misses me and needs me. And that--that is so tragic. And I'm so sorry that she was driven to kill herself by trolling. It's--It's wrong. But, you know, I just sort of set things in motion. See, I'm a satirist. I challenge people's point of views by being sort of edgy.  And sometimes, people can be like "Whoa!" and mistake that for hate, but its not hate. Its pointing out hypocrisies in out society.  If you say mean things and you're mean, then I agree, you should be killed. But if you're being funny, which spreads joy -- It's not? And that was wrong, too. I certainly want to apologize for that. I-I don't understand. No way. You would--deliberately start World War III, let the people of Denmark die, set everyone on Earth against each other? Why?! That's not funny. You can't do this to people! It's not right! Waaiitt!!! Dildo? Yes! Yes, where are you? How long before the website goes online? Oh God! ''My'' account?  That's my boy!  Ah! God damn it!  Yeah, I'm here.  I can't go anywhere. I'm locked in the conference room.  Yeah...?  Yeah, I'm up with all the servers. [notices the lever] Yeah, I got it [grabs the lever] I think so. I-I'm up on some kind of bridgeway. Heading to it now! Get out of my way. What you're doing is wrong! It's completely heartless and malicious! No! Its not! Hacking the world to show that most people act differently online isn't even technically satirical. Okay, okay, look. What you're doing is just trying to prove that everyone is either a bad person or a snoop, right? So how is that funny? No, but see, that's just nihilism. That is! You're trying to get people to go to war and kill each other. I can't argue with you anymore. I want to stand here and tell you that you and I are different, but its not true.  All we've been doing is making excuses for being horrible people.  I don't know if you tried to teach me a lesson, but you have.  I have to stand here and look at you, and all I see is a big fat reflection of myself.  With only one minor difference. Ha! Fuck you! What I do is fucking funny, bitch! Nobody is safe. Nobody can hide from these monsters. Internet trolls are truly predators of society. As parents we find it hard to believe our children are doing these things online, and that is why I've been asked to come and speak to you about the student who has been trolling your school message boards. This troll is known only as Skankhunt42.  We believe it probable he's one of the boy students here, since his favorite target seems to be women. Here, you can see Heidi Turner's mother photo shopped with a penis in her mouth, after she defended her daughter's right to sit out the national anthem. Since then, this child has been trolling all over the internet. Visiting message boards, and social media, and filling it with vile comments and hate-filled garbage.  But trolling is on the rise with teenagers, and we all need to come together to stop it. We need every parent to look for the signs in their own child. In order for us to find these secretive monsters, we need all parents to ask themselves: "Could my child be a troll?". My God, what children are capable of now. What kind of hate would have to be in that child's heart? Did you talk to him? Oh, that's good. Oh, right, right, yeah. All right. Night Gerald. Gerald, you've been sitting at the table for three hours now. You okay? Not at all, Gerald. I'm sorry. Well! I know you said your computer was broken. So, I went ahead and got you something.  Here, it's your own iPad.  You don't like it? Gerald,  what's going on? Okay, Gerald. I'll make us some lunch.  Oh uh, did that guy outside talk to you?  You don't have to work tonight? Wow! I don't remember the last time you were able to get in bed the same time as me. Hey, I'm not complaining.  It feels good to have you here.  Gerald?   One night you, you say all of our computer stuff is broken and you, you hide everything and then you show up with all of this new equipment and now this! Please, tell me what's going on! . But I know you watch porn. You told me you watched porn and I told you that I don't care, Gerald. Why?! Because it's not normal porn? Like something really embarrassing? Tell me! Piss porn? Like people peeing on each other? Do you want me to pee on you? You only like watching other women pee?  Because they're pretty? You have to watch around a video because I'm overweight and old? You do, promise?  Am I doing it right, Gerald? Gerald, you're back from your convention? Well, can I make you guys somethin' to eat? About what??  Urologia has been around since the time of the Greeks! Gerald, you don't have to listen to them.  Ike! What are you doing?!  Yes yes, hello?! You have to come home from helping the government, Gerald! I just caught Ike trolling Mrs. Herrera! Yes! The school troll is our son, Gerald! You should see all the things he's posted on his computer!  Gerald?! I know! Okay. Okay yeah, I love you too. I know. Bye.  Don't talk to him! He is in big trouble! It's him, Kyle! Your brother is the internet troll who's caused all this pain in our community! It was him all along. Now we have to figure out what to tell people when they learn this ugliness came from our family.  This ugliness came from our family! Kyle? Ike?! Whatwhatwhaaat?!   What were you thinking?! How dare you outright defy me like that! Your brother was being punished for using the computer and you decide to just leave with him? You felt bad for him, after all the horrible things he said to people online?! Your brother is a sick troll, Kyle! You just wait until your father gets home.   Kyle, Ike! What the hell is this?! What did I say?! Get off of that computer riiight ''nooooow!''  Are you serious right now?!  Get off that computerrrr! I don't care, I said no computers! You kids are addicted to the Internet! You're sick, and you're addicted! It's changed your brother, and now it's turning you against me, Kyle! You are! Your father goes away on business and all you do is defy me at every turn! The next time you defy me, it will be your last! Do you understand?! And when your father gets home from Denmark, you two are both going in for counseling. The government sent him over to do paralegal training, so it would've nice if you could've shown a little support!  Yes?  You get back here, you little monster!  Where is he?! Where is your brother?!      You boys...better not be on that computaaaaaaah! I'll make you pay for this. You locked your mother in the pantry? I'll lock you in your rooms forevaaah. -ah!  Ike!  You dare lock me in the pantry, so you can play on your computer?!  You're gonna pay for what you have done! Ike!  You...! You helped turned your brother this way! Shut up! Not another word from either of you! You're both grounded from the computer...forever!  Do you think I'm stupid?! You both march out of here, right now! Laura, have my boys come to see Craig? They're hiding from me. What? What? What? I don't know what you're talking about. May I use this a moment? There's nothing here. Maybe Kyle was telling the truth.  Oh Laura! I think my boys were being honest with me. I accused Ike of...of...well, I can't really say, but this thing says that he's clean. I got to find my boys, Laura. Thank you so much.  No, I-I have to respect Gerald's privacy. I shouldn't do this.  What the hell just happened?! 1 1 You've been dick-slapped! This is an attack on all of us! It's time to make the boys suffer! This has gone on too long and it's time to do something! Don't forget what you said Wendy: "For too long girls here have taken the backseat! Things have to change!". Now they'll have to listen. Kick his ass, Nelly! Get out of here, Cartman; nobody's buying it.  You assholes overcooked them!  Yeah! Yeah! What do you mean? Hey. W-we all just have to stay cool, okay? At least he's not a zzzzitty-faced ggirl. Wuh-Wuh-Waddle back to Syria you desert-tard.  He pushed everyone too far. Yeah, I'm really excited. Let's just get it over with! You know for what! You know what we did to Cartman!  That's true! Uh, aren't you running for President? I'm here, what's this about Kyle? Okay, okay sure.<poem><i>I feel alright, mamma...</i></poem> What!? Beyonce ain't nothin' but a Taylor Swift ripoff. I can't do this anymore! I can't take it! Nobody ever pays attention to me! Nobody cares! I just want to end it all! Why not?! Everyone would be happier if I did! Everyone. I don't think they'd even notice! You're right, I guess I don't want to quit Twitter. Okay, thanks. Twitter would be better off without me! I'm quitting! What's the point!? Better to just end it all now! I'm gonna do it!  I'm gonna quit Twitter, I mean it this time! They all laugh at me. They won't be laughing when I do it! I'll show them! I swear to God I'm gonna do it this time. Why does it matter? People would be happier if I just did it! I-I talked to my dad. He said, "I don't have the guts to do it!". Well, if I'd quit Twitter, he'd be sorry! I don't know if I'll make it through the night! I just feel like I'm at the edge of a cliff, you know, and being chased by hate. And the only way out is to jump! I keep thinking about what the kids at school would do, when they find out I left all my social media. Like they would finally see all the damage they've done. Oh my God. Oh my God! Oh my God! Someone keeps trolling our campaign site! He just keeps leaving horrible comments, and now he's attacking me personally! Don't let him-?! He took a picture I posted and put a dick in my mouth! Who does that?! Finally, someone who doesn't talk like a politician.  What's wrong? Aww, don't let him get to you. Someone who probably still lives with his mother and hates himself. He obviously has nothing better to do. Just let him wallow in his own misery. Get out of the street, you idiot! He's so honest!  Sorry. Another internet troll is wreaking havoc on message boards, this time attacking a Danish website for women with breast cancer. The troll, who goes by the name "SkankHunt42", ... ...caused the website to temporarily shutdown. Danish Olympic Gold Medalist Freja Ollegard, who started the website, spoke out about the incident.  I am not shocked. I am not sad. I am not giving this pitiful person the satisfaction of being anything. . This little troll can have his fun. I am going to be the bigger person. I am going to show the people of Denmark are not so easily broken down. Yes, Heidi. I believe trolling has a tragic effect on innocent people. I've tried to just ignore the trolls, but that only seems to make them attack me more. Yes, it's very disgusting, but I still try very hard to believe in the goodness of humanity.  We all have to be on-board Wendy. Every girl in school, or it means nothing. We are back again with the brave Olympic gold medalist from Denmark, Freja llengrd. Freja, you've talked about being trolled on the Internet and its consequences. You have been the victim of horrific degrading attacks, spearheaded by a troll called  skankhunt42. It must be so awful for you to create a Web site for women like yourself who are breat-cancer survivors and these... monsters get on and somehow make light of it. Even going as far as... ridiculing masdectomies. I can tell you that the support for you on our Web site has been overwhelming. We'd like to share some comments we've received, many from doctors who believe your Web site is saving lives. The first is a comment from a physician in Spain: "You go girl. You are doing great things. Don't let trolling stop you." And that is from Dr. Juerdior Titsgo , in Spain. And there's this one: "Believe in yourself and don't listen to the haters. You're an inspiration." That's from Hungarian physician Dr. Cootsier Boobsoff. I'm sorry, am I missing something? Oh no... Hello, sir, we're conducting an investigation. Do you happen to know this child?  Well, I'm afraid he's... quit Twitter. Yeah, but this one's different. The events surrounding his quitting Twitter were very suspicious. Most people that quit Twitter leave at least three paragraphs stating that they're quitting Twitter before they quit Twitter. This child just stopped using it. We're simply trying to gather information on whether this was a Twitter suicide or a Twitter homicide.  D'ya happen to know why, son? Without tweeting a goodbye? People don't just quit social media. They post long drawn-out messages on social media, explaining why they're leaving social media. At where, sir? At where? Here's everything to prepare you for the debates, ma'am. Just try and stay focused no matter what your opponent says. NOOO!  ,  ,        Troll Trase. ,  . Don't let him rattle you. He's gonna do whatever he can to try and mess with your head. Don't buy into it. Whatever he says, just respond with "My opponent is a liar, and he cannot be trusted." Oh my God, she's such a turd sandwich. ...  ,  .  Got it. ...My opponent is a liar and he cannot be trusted. What he is saying is simply not true. Do not... believe it. My opponent is a liar- 	-And he cannot be- -cannot be trusted. My opponent is a liar and he cannot be trusted.  I'll have you treat me with more respect. Haven't you seen the polls? It's president elects Sandwich. Who is Skankhunt42? Okay, let's get right into it. Our first question is for you, sir. How will you deal with ground troops in Syria?  Look at them, Martha. Do you see them? Lost souls who have quit Twitter. Damned to just wander the earth and hang out and stuff. Heheh, fuck Denmark What are they? They seem so lonely.  Yyyup. 	Wooohooo! 	Yeah! 	Hello Florida! Please put your hands together and welcome the next President of the United States!  And after stating that he was not fit to be President, Secretary Clinton responded with "My opponent is a liar and he cannot be trusted." In other news tonight, Danish gold medalist Freja llengrd is the apparent victim of extreme trolling once again.  The athlete from Denmark has been the target of relentless online attacks that began with the troll skankhunt42.  It now appears the country of Denmark was the victim of a massive troll. The country is still reeling from the LEGO hoax story. 	I am so confused. Paul, Danish women's volleyball champion Freja llengrd has been pronounced dead outside her apartment in Copenhagen.  Freja llengrd, dead at the age of 38.   No. What this troll doesn't realize is that we have been planning our own attack. I'm announcing here and to the world that a plan to destroy the troll is underway. For in Denmark there is one thing we have known for centuries. To get the troll to come out of hiding, you must say its name. Mornin'. How can I help ya? Yeah'. Everyone wants member berries these days.  I saw Nancy Morris today. She has a different hair color. Again. I swear she doesn't think anyone even notices. Her natural hair color must be clear. ...What? I thought if a computer isn't working, you try and get it fixed. You had all my recipes on that FileMaker program on your computer.  No, but I want to, Dad.  What's goin' on, Dad?  Daddy called you a pussy.   "You're a retard."  "You are a fat retard." What he says. Hello? No!  I'm sorry dad. I'm just fucked up inside. Daddy called you a pussy.   Like a bunch of pussies! Pussy ass bitch. Yay! Ohhh shit. With a dirty...asshole. And...you shit out your dick. Daddy! I know. I love you too, big brother. Mommy? Suck my balls. You're a fat bitch.  Kyle, I wanna help tooo. You are all dumbass... fuckwads. Lick my asshole, you Mexican... bitch.  Mommy! Aah!  Kyle! Mommy got out! You fat hooker. You clean your fucking mouth out. Long ago, in the deep and frozen lands of Scandinavia, there were creatures who wreaked havoc on humanity.  free to attack and then retreat to the darkness. But in Denmark, we have dealt with the trolls before, and now and now, we shall deal with them... again. Butters, I'm sorry, but I told you not to Skype me anymore, right? I have to stand with my girlfriends. Who?! This is a time when women and girls have to stick together.  My name is Dick. No! I'm a colleague. You probably know me as "Dildo Shwaggins". We need to talk. We're on the same team, Skankhunt. What's "Protocol Zero"? Us trolls have to be careful.  You know that. These are really dangerous times, Skankhunt. There are there are things happening in the world and trolls have to come together. Someone is trying to wipe us out! Our way of life is in danger. That's not true. I've studied your work. You're one of the best trolls I have ever seen. Gerald, we need each other. The Danish  are planning something horrible against us.   You can't deny who you are, Skankhunt. Because we're all in danger. Didn't you see the video I sent you? They will be able to,  everyone. You need to see this video, Skankhunt. The whole world is about to change. I'm warning you, Skankhunt,  this video is really gonna rock your world.  This is why we all have to come together, Skank. I told you. I Google Translated the last part. He said "Come out troll, come out and die". By next week, everything everyone has ever done online is going to be available to the public.  You're not dead, Skankhunt. There's still hope.  Fellow trolls, let me introduce you to Skankhunt42. Fellow trolls, we have gathered together because our anonymity is being threatened. Individually, we are some of the most notorious trolls in Colorado. We must now find a way to unite. Each one of us has the power to make message boards go haywire, The power to make individuals buckle and fall. Imagine if we use those skills against a common enemy. And we... have Skankhunt42. I believe that he... is the key to stopping all this. You were saying, Skankhunt? If we all worked with you, Skank, could we do it? Could we troll an entire country? Hello.  I gotta hand it to you, Gerald. You have a really nice home, nice family. And who is that? I've studied your work. You're so good at lashing out at the system. Bringing people down off their high horses. Why do you do it? I don't believe that. I think there's more to Skankhunt. When I was in school, kids teased me. Called me "midget," even though I'm not. My mother was a little person, but she actually married a guy who had gigantism syndrome. She thought, if she was a little person and had a baby with a giant, I would come out normal.  We can't let these Danish pricks take our online lives, Skank. For some of us... it's all we have. Test test 1 2. This is Dildo Shwaggins. We are ready to commence the trashing of Denmark. All trolls report in. Okay. everyone follow Skankhunt's lead. Don't get distracted, we are only trolling Denmark. It's started!  Don't know, but Google has it as the number one story. We did it! We did it!  The Guardian has a bunch of stories up about how the Denmark government isn't responding to even interview requests. We came to celebrate! I think if anything, we proved that trolls really can have an effect on the world. And I think on the next one,  we're only gonna get better. Skankhunt, we got an entire country to sign off social media and... stop what they were doing. Imagine what effect we can have on the rest of the world? What do you mean? We're all on a team, Skankhunt. But you saw what we did when we worked together? Just think what we could do to like the Presidential Election. Of course it's political! I remember being called a fag for no reason. Okay.  Hey, Skankhunt, it's Dildo Shwaggins. Well you haven't been answering my calls, so I know this is the only way I can only talk to my buddy.  I wrote a song about our friendship. Can I just play it for you?  Two lone wolves on the plains of darkness. The Valkyrie  flies from the wailing clouds. The last of the-- I miss my friend. I don't know how things got derailed but, I-I'm sorry if I made you upset. I want to be buddies again. Come on, let's just have a couple of beers and do some trolling. Why are you mad at ''me'''? I refuse to believe that Skankhunt is that shallow. When you Photoshopped penises in Kesha survivors' mouths, it's not just to make people laugh. If someone Photoshopped a dick in your wife's mouth, would you just think it was funny? It's true. You're just an asshole. I thought you were the ultimate rebel. I actually looked up to you and you're nothing but a super... dick. At least I have a reason to be angry. What do you have, that it's funny? Hurting people is just worth the laughs? One day you're gonna wake up and realize that you don't have anyone either.  You can stop being an idiot now. Skankhunt. I was sent here by the government to do international espionage like James Bond. Of being smart and funny enough to pull it off. Yeah, that's what she told all of us. Don't you get it? The government made some kind of deal with the Danish. They handed us over so they wouldn't go forward with their Trolltrace program. They wanted the troll who killed Freja Ollegard and his associates. We got sold out because of you! Skankhunt, stop! What are you gonna do with us? You think you can turn countries in the world against each other? Our president will never let that happen. Wow. He's gonna have his son sign in and troll for him.  Didn't you hear what that guy said? They're gonna set countries against each other! We have way bigger problems! Here they come. Skank. Skank, get ahold of yourself Come on. You're not an asshole Well--Well, maybe being funny is just sort of how you deal with serious subjects.  What the fuck is going on?! Wow. That's pretty impressive. Holy crap, dude. Look at Butters. Hit her! Well like I was saying, I've been addicted to memberberries for the past two months now. It's just, you know, 'membering is more fun than thinking. I want so bad to go back to when things were good. When I was a kid, you know like, the 80s and the 90s, and things made sense.  ''No''pe! Wieners out! Yeah! Wieners out! . Since the dawn of the Internet, message boards and chat rooms have lit up with people who insight and insult for no apparent reason. They're called  Trolltrace.com will soon be up and running. In less than a month, the servers will become active. Anyone can take any troll comment and send it through the Danish service where a real name and real physical address will be attached. And this is the man who has masterminded it all. And what about people who will use this to spy on others who aren't trolls? Once your servers become active, anyone can trace anything onto the Internet back to whoever wrote it. How do you stop that from happening?  whole Internet history. What this will allow people to do is trace back harmful and hateful postings or emails. You see, the troll hides behind a protective layer if you will that Internet enmity provides. We intend to strip them of that protection so that everyone will know who they are. Uh, what do you mean? Oh oh, right.  This service is only for tracing the identity of trolls. Thank you. Kom ud trold, komme ud og d.  Hello. Are you tired of hate speech? Are you sick of sexism and-a bigotry? Then please, help the Danish put an end to trolls. Right now, the people of Denmark are working on a biometric computer superstructure which will allow people all around the world to identify the trolls in their communities. But to make this dream into a reality, we still need your donations. We are just a few million kroners away, so please donate via the social media of your choice. Just imagine it, knowing who said what on the Internet. So then we don't need any more funding? Colorido? That's a very goofy name.  Hmm hmm. Go on and hide in your cave, little troll. Soon, everyone will know where you live.  Triangulate the servers. Focus everything on that area. It's time to see what these puppies can do.  Yes, please. You're making a very jackass of-a yourself. Well well, what do we have here? Looks like your little troll-party. We didn't trick you, your own government did. They thought if they handed you over to us we would agree not to go forward with the TrollTrace program.  contact whoever you want. Of course, you'll have to tell them why you're here. We're going to use you to set the world on fire. When the servers go online, there will be chaos, panic, and war. And from the ashes, a new world will rise: a world where everyone is happy, and singing, and has no secrets,  All of you, remove your clothes. Remove your clothes now!  Bring him to the conference room  Freja Ollegard, the volleyball player, had a family, too. They miss her quite a lot too. You're so full of skinkinslat I can smell it from here. You really think my plan is to kill you?  Go. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go.  Do you want to know what's really funny?  Do you remember, Mr. a-Skankhunt, when you and your little buddies trolled the entire country of a-Denmark?  But, what would be even more impressive? What if you could troll the entire world? Somebody who could rise to political power through nothing more that pushing people's a-buttons and getting them all riled up, become the leader of...a Scandinavian country, perhaps, get them to listen to you when, actually... you're not even fucking Danish. Use that country to create a machine that relies on the shittiness of people to fuck over other people and watch the whole world go completely batshit.  and keep your real intentions completely anonymous. Because its freakin' hilarious! Getting a Scandinavian country to fight trolls by building a giant machine that actually shows everyone on Earth is kind of a troll, too? That's not funny?! Don't be a fag, dude! That's real bro shit there. Sorry to step on your fucking dicks in the mouth and tit jokes, you amateur little pussy. Come on! Have some fucking balls!  Oh, no, you don't. I'm ten steps ahead of you! What's the matter Skankhunt? You just can't stand to be outdone, huh? What I'm doing is wrong? How is getting millions of people to kill themselves different from getting one person to? You can honestly stand there, as a troll, and tell me that what I'm doing isn't hilarious? How is not satirical? That's not what I'm doing. I'm showing everyone that all this stuff that they freak out over doesn't even matter. Oh, come on! So--so wait! If you do some big, outrageous, offensive thing with a positive attitude, you're a satirist, but if you're cynical about it, then you're a nihilist? That's fucking ridiculous! So maybe this is like the new post-funny era of satire. Noooooo!!! Yeah!  It's okay, Skank. You're with your kind. Stupid girl! Hit her, man! All boys should die! Yeah, everyone knows you're the worst! Take him out! Yeah! Yeah! All right sir , don't be nervous for your speech; I know we're down a bit in the polls, but there's still a great chance we can win the Swing States. Sir, what were you thinking? We said to be careful how you talked about women. Just one thing sir, be a little careful of what you say about women. Uh, seems like that might be losing us some votes.  Ladies and gentlemen, out country's divided like never before. And we all know that only one man has the guts to say what we're all thinking. Please, welcome the man who with your help will soon be the next President of the United States!  We are way down in the polls. I don't know how we recover from this. A lot of us have staked our lives on backing you! You can't just go bonkers like this! You wanna tell them that? They're outside.   Mr. Garrison, you can't just act like nothing happened! You're spiraling out of control, and you have to answer to the people! 	Mr. Garrison. 	You sold people a line, Mr. Garrison, and you have to make good on it! Come on.  Get back here! You're acting like an idiot!  Douche! Douche! Douche! Douche! Douche! Douche! Douche! Douche! Douche! Douche! Douche! Douche! Douche!  Ow! Tjing tjang tjing nutillej. Tjing tjang tjing nutillej.  Tjing tjang tjing nutillej. Together, we will rid the world of trolls. Tjing tjang lu, Tjing tjang lu, Tjing tjang tjing nutillej! The whole world will be-a peaceful and happy. 	But-a how do we prove that to the rest of-a the world? Like-a here, in Denmark. 	Sir, public opinion of Denmark is-a very very shit. Sir! We got a message from overseas. You really should see it. This was sent on VHS. Whoever sent it is-a completely offline too. Just listen. We have it! We think we have it!  The emoji analysis worked. We've found the IP address of the troll that trolled us.   In here, move. Help fund our project on social media today! All our social media pages are-a filled with million and millions of-a horrible comments. They have an entire government at their disposal. You have... millions of supporters who are looking to you to lead! They're gonna wanna know what you're gonna do about this! What's goin' on?! What are ya doin?! This son of a bitch pulled a fast one on us! Get him! It's like he's not even trying! Kill him! Tear his head off! Don't let him get away! Get him! String him up! We put our faith in you, asshole!  Yeah haw!  Hey, just checking to see if you needed any more refreshments for the conference room? Alright, well, I just wanna say "thanks for choosing the-"  What do you want? Go away. Just some more creamer. Okay, we're clear again. Wow... that seems kind of... mean. Anonymous821 signed in to multiple accounts and standing by.  We brought some beer. Let's have a trolling party. We're like super-trolls who could change anything. Wow, what? So they'll blame your kid? What are you gonna do with us? Will somebody shut him up? We're fine. We don't need anything.  Some more creamer? Say really fucked up shit and make them quit social media? No doubt about it. You Danish pricks, you tricked us! Let's come together as a skewl. We came together as a skewl. Let's come together as a skewl. Let's come together as a skewl. He went this way! PurpleheadedQueeflicker standing by. Not everyday you troll a whole country. We did it!  Che Gamorrah standing by. MLKKK and I'm ready.   Hello?    Ahhhh!  Ahhhh!   URFATANDDUM standing by. SuperSexyLisa18 standing by.  YourMomsTits standing by. Member Lando Calrissian? Member tauntauns? Member? Member feeling safe? Millions of people took to the Internet last night after shocking claims were made about the Danish company LEGO and their ties to ISIS. Tom, by the time the hoax was revealed the damage had already been done. Millions of people got on the anti-Denmark bandwagon, and when millions more came in to support Denmark, hundreds of millions more got on the anti-Denmark bandwagon. And uh, definitely a bit of a surprise here. Looks like America has voted for a change of pace. The world is in a bit of a shock, uh... Is this? We're, we're for sure this is for real, right? We uh... I guess we're going live to the acceptance speech now? Uhh okay, here we go. And our crowd-funding sites are taken over too. Everyone is making fun of us like we were goofballs. You mean we have to quit Twitter? So far we have narrowed down the location of the troll attack on Denmark.  It is a location in the middle of the United States: a place they call "Colorido". We believe that very soon the servers will give us the place in Colorido that the troll originated. Yes, ambassador. Denmark is ranked the nicest place to live in all the world almost every year.  This is it, ambassador. All of Trolltrace is housed in this building. 	How could-a this-a happen? Because that's what trolls DO! I should have known that once they got wind of our little plan, they would start trolling us! Of course not! We can't respond, it will only make the trolls stronger! Our only choice is to go offline Everything, you ignoramus! The only way to stop the bleeding is for Denmark to get off social media! Pokkers Du Trold! 	A message how? We're completely offline. 	Put it on the screen.  Who the hell are these people? Get everyone back inside. If this girl really is that smart and funny, we might have another shot here.  Enjoying the frikadellers? And the leverpostejs are seasoned to your liking? You keep-a checking your watch, Ambassador Von Miller. Are you late for something? Yes. Well a database that can identify everybody's Internet activity is-a very complex. I'm so pleased you want to help us rid the world of-a trolls. Do you happen to recognize...  this woman? Her name was-a Freja Ollegard. She was Denmark's-a national treasure.  Her final straw was when she was trolled on a live TV show.  Are you alright, Von Miller?! It would be my pleasure. Please, ambassador, explore the servers at your leisure. Let us know if you have any questions. 	So then Denmark isn't funding ISIS? Member?  Hi!  Hi!  Wait! Hi Skankhunt! Yeah! Yeah! That's okay. Okay, Skank. All right You said it! Thanks to us! 'Member the Bi-wing fighters? 'Member the Service Droids? I 'member. What's going on now? They're using a torch on him. Oh, are they gonna use a torch on us?! They're trying to destroy us. They are?! Our whole species?! They can't do that?! Yeah they can! 'Member the Death Star blowing up Alderaan? Oo, Alderaan, I 'member. 'Member, 'member Mos Eisley? 'Member the Rancor, 'member? 'Member sand people? 'Member the Cantina? 'Member--  My eyes! Ah, Aaaaah!  'Member Bespin? 'Member Wedge? I loved Wedge. 'Member? 'Member Mon Mothma? 'Member the rebel transports?   'Member the Cloud City? 'Member IG-88, the bounty hunter droid? 'member, that was fanta'tic.  statistical analysis. The servers are working.  No, sir. Using Heidi's emoji analysis, we have the final piece of the puzzle. Did you like the movie, hon? Heehee, hurry! Come on, we have to hurry! Let's go. Oh I 'member. Oh I love it when you 'member! 'Member! 'Member?  This way, this way! We have to go this way, 'member? Okay, almost there. Shh. Shh. 'Member which way we're going? I 'member that! Hey you, shut the fuck up! I love this song, it was fanta'tic, 'member? Here we are. We made it. 'Member when Han shot Greedo?  You 'member? Ha ha, 'member this place?  Oh, I love that ship.  "We did it!" 'Member? '''' Ahahaha, 'member cutting open tauntauns? Member McGy-? Oh I loved the Cold War! That was fantastic! No, we said I'm in charge, 'member?  Oh, I 'member! Yeah! Come on Tubbs, you have to keep up! 'Member?!  Come on, 'member? I 'member. 'Member 'member! Yeah, we're gonna kill you, 'member? Yeah, we have to go with Plan B, 'member? Sure, I 'member Greedo. Sure, I 'member.  Sure, I 'member! Heheh, hey hey hey, 'member the Cold War? Oh yeah, I 'member. Sure, I 'member.  . Oh I 'member! Oh, 'member this song? Ooh, I 'member. 'Member? Yeah, I 'member.  Hi, it's us, 'member?! What do we do now? 'Member the Death Star? 'Member? We decided he's in charge. Waaah!   'Member the Battle of Endor?  'Member the Battle of Endor? Oh I 'member! Oh sure, I 'member! Sure, I 'member.  Sorry asshole, end of the line for you.  'Member the Tantive IV? We did the thing with throwing Mickey in the drink, 'member?! Don't you 'member? Yeah, yeah, 'member the Force?  No wait, I 'member. We all said he's in charge.   Hehe, sorry. I 'member. Hehehe. Are we almost there? Hey hey, 'member the Ewok village? We did? Ha, I 'member Greedo. Yeah yeah, 'member? Hehe, hehe, I 'member. Ooh, I 'member. Heheh, heheh, yeah, sure, I 'member. Sure, I 'member. Once again, if you live in the city of Fort Collins, there is a chance that all your emails and your entire Internet history has been made accessible to the public. Mr. Beckett, you had the honor of being the first person to socialize on the new internet. Could you tell us what you did? And what you did say to Mr. Winger?  I know where you live now you son-a bitch. Hello MLKKK!  He's burning bright, little girl. I've been hacked! Help me I've been hacked! They'll never forgive me!   They know everything I said about them! The club knows-- Is he burning, Pa?! Oh shit, hang on.  Oh, I 'member.  That's okay, I 'member.  Complete panic and mass-hysteria tonight as the City of Fort Collins has been hacked.  The Danish are taking complete credit for the cyber-attack, blaming its successfully exposed and notorious troll.  and was burned alive by one of his apparent victims.  The Danish claimed this was only a beta-test and soon the servers will be available worldwide.  Have fun!    nooo! The Danish claim they will soon have the ablity to publish anyone's Internet history. We have to act fast, Mrs. Sandwich. We may not want to get too far ahead ourselves.  We believe he's the only one who can save you now.  Here you are, ma'am, gin and tonic. Should be an interesting election this year, huh?  The people have spoken. Just as J.J. Abrams did with Star Wars, I will make this country great again. All my efforts this past week have paid off. And now, let's begin... fucking them all to death! A historic election, and all the votes are in. Except of course in the city of Fort Collins, Colorado. It's been several days now since Fort Collins was hacked. Everyone's e-mails and Internet history became accessible to the public after being targeted by the Danish Trolltrace program. According to our eye in the sky, their votes will not be tallied anytime soon. This barricade behind me was put up not only to make sure nobody goes into Fort Collins, but also to make sure nobody gets out, since there's no telling whose Internet histories they've seen  The defiant Danish company is still declaring Trolltrace a success, and claims that it will be available worldwide at any moment. It's complete bedlam inside the city limits, Chris.  Since the city was hacked there have been murder, suicide, and complete lack of civility. We also understand that nearly everyone within Fort Collins who was married is now divorced. Back to you, Tom.  Guh! We have him. The subject is home.  Sir, if you'll come with us? One last thing: to pass yourself off as the ambassador, you have to pretend to be from the Turkish Islands. Are you any good at... changing your voice? We need to speak with you? Sir. Please come with us now.   It'll fry all their equipment, servers, and backup computers. After it detonates we'll be on the roof to pick you up.  Hello. Mr. Cunt. Things... have not turned out the way they were supposed to. This election was stolen. And while this government is still in power, we have to prove it. We've come to ask for your help. Leave us.  As I understand, there's quite a lot you've done online you don't wanna have come out. But I also understand you weren't trying to get a woman to kill herself. You were just being funny. The Trolltrace program is the most sophisticated of its kind. The government has only a few short weeks to try and use that technology to stop the President-elect from taking office. You've proven one thing: that you have the ability to pretend to be someone you're not. We wanna send someone into Denmark undercover and steal their technology. Totally like James Bond. You and I need each other, Skank. What do you say? Once inside the Trolltrace building, you will plant this.  Looks like an ordinary briefcase, but at exactly 9:30 Danish standard time. the case will open, detonating an EMP device that will take out their entire facility. Hi kids. I'm Bill Clinton, and I was almost the first gentleman in America. Thank you. Even though we might have lost the election, it doesn't mean that my work to be a gentleman is goin' to stop. I'm gonna ask all you boys to agree to join Bill Clinton's Gentleman Club.  But I can't do it alone. Sometimes, I wish there were two of me. Oh wait, there are. Oh Bill! Come on out here. I'm Bill Say, Bill? Would you like to join my gentlemen's club? Okay, okay, that's good, but now, make sure she knows how you're gonna change. Whether she takes you back or not. Who's that? Hello, I'm Bill Clinton, and I was almost the First Gentleman in America. May I come into your lovely home? Hello, ma'am. I wasn't expecting someone so stunning.  I'm so sorry for the intrusion, but I was wondering if I could speak with your son. Well, maybe I can help. Hello, young man. Come on, sit down. Let's talk. What do you think you're gonna achieve, young man? Do you really think all this pickle-pressing is gonna get you anywhere? What happened, son? Did a girl break your heart? I know. I know how hard they can be. But... somethin's about to happen that you aren't aware of.  Now, our only chance is to keep our heads low and act like we're changed men. Because, we're very close to the end. Women are sick of our shit, son. And soon, they're gonna know everything we've said and done online. And unless we start kissin' their asses, we're all gonna be put in a big chamber underground and milked for our semen. Yes, Bill? Hello, boys and girls. And I'm Bill Yes, Bill? You know I would, Bill.  Yeah, but if you're just changin' to get her back, then you're bein' selfish again. Oh, he's pressin' pickle! Your name, please? Oh yes of course, Ambassador Miller. You're here to support our country's-a Trolltrace program, yes? Your escort is-a right over there.   Ambassador Von Miller. We have so much to talk about. Won't you join me upstairs for frikadellers and leverpostejs? Oh my goodness, it's him. Hello, sir. Stephen, this is a guest, a gentleman. No I'm not excited! It sucks, Dad! This country is gonna suck for four years! Dad, what the hell is wrong with y-  Hey Skankhunt.  The political world is watching, Bannon.  We need to make sure the president elect has a smooth transition. All indications are that his transition  is going to be fine.  We're just doing some finishing touches, but everything went well. You can see him now if you like. Can I help you? ...Okay. ...That'd be an understatement, yes. Uh-huh. Take a number and join the others. Lot of people want to leave the planet right now. Uh everyone, please listen! We don't have any rockets going to Mars! Yo-you're not listening! We don't have the energy requirements figured out yet. We're working as hard as we can. There's a little girl working on the people right now and apparently she's incredibly smart and funny.  If I could turn back time...  Do you believe in leaving the world, oh...  Uh, sorry PC Principal, but someone wants to speak with you. But, but sir, the president elect is here.  Oh, 'member when it fell in her drink. Yeah, I 'member.  What's the password, 'member? I 'member.  Ah sure, I 'member. Ah sure, I 'member; just 'cause of youse, we won the election. Waiter, round of drinks for our heroes here, 'member? You done good poisoning the lady's drink. Now our man is in office, 'member? But I still have things I need you to do. Out of the way, 'member? Ey, youse did good. Who's in charge, 'member? Wrong.  'Member stormtroopers? Not those stormtroopers! The real old ones. People wanna 'member? They're gonna 'member. I 'member. Sir, we need you at the Pentagon. It's a matter of national security. Sir, the Danish have released a statement. I'm afraid... we may be going to war.  This way, please. Yes, sir. Here are all  our military secrets and all classified information.  In here is satellite surveillance where you can monitor anyone's conversation live. Extreme interrogation  room in case you find interrogation necessary.   This is everything you need to know about the TROLL TRACE program. A plan by the Danish to release the full internet histories of everyone on Earth. The entire world has become very uncertain and unstable. Because when the Chinese are able to see all our e-mails and online activity, we believe they will most likely attack us. Also, there are ground troops mobilizing in Paris because the French believe when we see all their e-mails, we will most likely attack them. Sir, it's the UK Secretary of Foreign Affairs calling from London. He says they have advice for you. 'Member ''The Fugitive''? '''' Hey look, it's them. 'Member? Sure, I 'member.  Thank God you're here sir. We need your guidance. All around the world, countries are mobilizing armies and preparing defensive countermeasures. The previous administration tried to work with the Danish by handing over several trolls, but the plan didn't work.  We think we should order all navy vessels to the Bering Sea. Please, sir, we have very little time before this escalates beyond our control. Mr. President, sir! The Russians are asking what we intend to do about the Danish.  ,   , ,         ?    !   ,      !  ,   .   ? Okay, Numbers 204 through 215, you can come on through. Right in here, everyone.  Hello, everyone, and welcome to the tour. I'm Elon Musk. Are we gonna have some fun today? And getting anywhere takes ingenuity. Oh, Mrs. Door? Would you mind... opening, please? The only way for humankind to survive is with imagination and technology. Cars that run on electricity. Solar panels that replace roof shingles. Even food that changes form. You see this? It's a pizza, only four inches long. And yet, when heated, it expands to make enough pizza to feed a hundred people. I call it the pizza... pocket. Who would like to see the Hyperloop? A new mode of travel that can take you from here to Dubai in nine minutes. Here you see our Falcon 9 full-thrust rockets. They are actually able to take off into space and land safely back on Earth for reuse.  Well, I certainly wanna thank you all for joining our tour today. You've been a wonderful group. Give yourselves a round of applause. Mars? We're still about ten years away from going to Mars. Maybe eight. Well I'm sorry, but it's a bit more complicated than a pizza pocket. Going to Mars is gonna take a lot of very smart people working very hard for a very long time. Now, if you don't mind, I have hundreds of more tours to do.  Like... how funny? Uh excuse me. Sorry, can we have a word please? This doesn't seem like it's gonna work out and we're rather busy. I haven't really heard her say anything funny. This is amazing! And it's all thanks to you little girl, how did you get to be so smart? Well, c'mon, I wanna know everything about you. For what? That's two things. Women don't need us for comedy. They can be just as funny as men. You should meet my girlfriend. She's really smart and really funny.  Sir, India is moving aircraft carriers into the Gulf of Mexico.  Sir, a message from Saudi Arabia. They say they pinky-promise not to look up our Internet history if we pinky-promise not to look up theirs.  Still waiting on if we should send troops into Japan, sir. Yes, hello? Things aren't looking good here. We just want to say, whatever you do, don't eat the membberries. I'm afraid everyone here who ate the memberries wanted to go back in the past, you see. Hasn't worked out too well for us. The memberries cloud your judgement. They get inside your head, you see. I believe they've eaten the memberries.  Don't eat the membberries. They are bad. We shouldn't have ate the memberries! What'd he say? Ooh, dear! Ooh, dear! Huh? Awwww. You'd better 'member if you know what's good for youse!  Everyone calm down, please. We have to have civil order. Listen to me. Now I know everyone's scared, but we have to keep control. Yes all of our emails and Internet histories are about to become public knowledge.  But, but, we all need to understand that TrollTrace will never happen if people don't log on to use it. The website is a massive database that cross-references everything ever said on the Internet. It relies on people typing in a name and address of someone else  then our town won't suffer the same fate as Fort Collins. And that's why we have to come together as a community, and resist any temptation to use TrollTrace,  This hack of our city will never happen, so long as we rely on the rationality and the basic decency of the American people. Guess I could've worded that differently. Maggie. Really? Excuse me?  The son of a bitch. He's such a bastard. When you marry someone and you think you know them... TrollTrace. Its up and running.  It can tell you anybody's Internet history.  I couldn't resist. I looked up my husband.  The websites he's visited are just...disgusting! Sure. Type in any name. It'll show you everything they've ever done online. Be careful. You might not like what you see. About what? Its not our kids we have to be worried about.  My husband was on three "married-but-dating" websites! He looked at porn 4,000 times in one month! Aren't you curious about what your husband does? Huh? Sure he doesn't have any girlfriends? Sure, yeah. Respect. Nice of you to give him that.  Come on, you really think you can resist the urge to type in his name...just for a quick little look? Lord, we look to thee on this to our most trouble hour. We have been let astray and now all we could do is wait for the inevitable to happen. Soon everything we have said and done online is going to be known to all. Many lives will be turned upside down. Of course, I have nothing to worry about; since I'm a priest, there's nothing I'm ashamed of doing on the Internet, so  definitely no reason to look up my history. But uh for many, this is a time to pray.  O'Lord, please forgive for things we might have done online. Please try to understand that even some of us who were on MatchingMavis.com, it was only out of curiosity, and not because we actually having an affair. Please understand that we might have used racial slurs, but only because it was to a close friend and never meant to be public.  Yeah!  Aw! Mr. President, we're looking at global destabilization blinked we've never seen. Countries everywhere are terrified their Internet may be hacked. Sir? Mr. President, the bombers are en route to Europe. You're the leader of the free world.  Everyone's looking to you to be the call and steady voice they all need. Are you sure you want to proceed with this?  Mr. President? Mr. President, the Isreali prime minister is on Line 1, the chancellor of Germany is on Line 2, and a Mr. Slave is on Line 3. Mr. President? Mr. President, the Grand Duke of Luxembourg is on Line 1, the Chairman of the Worker's Party is on Line 2, and Kyle is on Line 3.  Hey, what's up? No, I'm calling because people want you to bomb Denmark. Lots of people 'cause it's like gonna ruin their freedom of speech or something. Oh Jesus Christ, you're such a little bitch. You're a little bitch, President. You're too scared to bomb anybody. Yeah, you're scared, just do what your little advisors tell you to do. You don't have the balls to bomb them, pussy. Pussy ass bitch, fuck you.  Yeah, it worked. Augh!  Yes, mom.  Denmark? I'm sorry?  Wait a minute. She might be on to something here We've done it Elon, with this type of energy we can easily get mankind to Mars. Hey, you guys need anything? Water, Soda? Sure, about what? You keep saying that, but not why. What are you talking about? That's, That's ridiculous. Why would women need us to do that? They're just as funny as men. What? Look, Elon, I'm just saying before we go any further, you might want to hear this kid out.  Go on, tell Elon. Never gonna give you up. Never gonna let you down. Never gonna run around and desert you. Uh-oh. Mr. President? Russians are scrambling bombers to attack Denmark. NATO wants to know how we intend to stop them. Mr. President?...Mr. President you can't just sit there with your "stank face".  It could blow up the Internet before TrollTrace ever does substantial damage. Iah-uhk-uh-I cain't?  A cyber attack, well that's good! Where's it comin' from? Huh, that sorta sounds like how I got elected. Gentlemen, get me in contact with that troll. Kyle?! Kyle, you're the troll who started all this?! Don't worry. Your secret's safe with me. So long as you keep doing what you're doing. The American government is behind you. Keep up the good work. We're gonna take that big shitstorm of hate you're creating and amplify it. We'll try to create enough energy to blow up the whole fucking internet.  You're doing God's work, son. Keep it up. Oh I got a bunker? Well that's good.  Sorry, Kyle. Looks like its not going to work. SpaceX? What the fuck is that? Okay, that's dumb, but go on. Reroute the internet through SpaceX!. The TrollTrace website is set to go online in less than fifteen minutes, the world is in complete chaos!  Sir, someone is leading a coordinated cyber strike on the TrollTrace website. It could be Russian, we don't know. Whoever this troll is, he's pretty fucking hardcore sir. Trevor's Axiom is a well-known equation in online trolling. It's a way in which one person can create a massive reaction on the Internet. Look, person A trolls person B, but it's not about person B, the troll is trying to push buttons to try and get a reaction from hundreds, eventually creating person C, whose overreaction and self righteousness will elicit a reaction from persons D through F, who weren't trolls but can't help rip on person C. Their reactions lead to outrage persons G through N, and it keeps going, generating massive energy, it's like the fission reaction that leads to a fusion explosion, all bringing out the worst in humanity. Precisely, Mr. President, and if this kind of overreaction can be amplified through the Pentagon servers... There's nothing more we can do. Nearly everyone is online and we diverted all the power we can. Skank Skankhunt, can you hear me? The troll locked us in the control room with his Danish workers. Skankhunt! The TrollTrace servers monitor and catalog outrage and hate on the internet, there's a troll out there trying to overload them by generating tons of hate. Skank, whoever's doing it is doing it from ''your'' account. Yeah, he's pissing off a lot of people. Hello? Can you hear me? This is Dildo Shwaggins. I'm a colleague of your fathers. We see what you're trying to do, and we're gonna help, we trolled with your father, now we will troll with you. Son, you need to know that your father is very proud of you. He was the best at Trevor's Axiom, he believes you can be too. Skank! You still there? The servers are starting to heat up, but the Danish say there are breakers that will never let them overload. You got to climb up the building and shut off the breakers.  Skank. Skankhunt, are you there yet?  Skank, do you see a large red lever?  Flip it off  That's good. Keep going Skankhunt.  Skank, there's no more time! Have you found the last breaker? That's it. Your dad's got it. Give it everything you got! Less than ten mienutes. The core energy is completely stable, and very easy to reduce. It's the most massive energy source of its size we've ever seen. Ye-I, I typed in everything you told me to. (Me too dude, what's next?) At first, you'll be super-happy, bouncing around the red sand. 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 What? Oh, the key code to the conference room is 9... That's it. 9. The first breaker should be there. Tell him to look for a large red lever. That last breaker should be there  Mr. President, TrollTrace has been online for almost 15 minutes now. Its too late. We need to get you down to the bunker.  Mr. President, we have an urgent call from Kyle. Rerouting now! And so, life goes on. The end of civilization didn't happen. A massive electrical pulse completely erased the internet. We've been given a second chance. A mulligan. Anything we might be ashamed of, gone forever. Maybe now boys and girls can learn to respect each other again. Realize how careful our online lives have to be. Because we've all seen what happens when the Twitters, Facebook and trolls decide our reality. Now that we've been given this second chance, it is up to all of us to see what we do with it. And the first new e-mail since the internet was erased was successfully went out at 6 a.m. today. The honor went to a Mr. Dave Beckett of Boca Raton, Florida. Well, I sent an e-mail with a photo to my old friend, Thomas Winger, up in Connecticut.  I showed him my dick, called him a fag. 