 What do you mean he's not here? The what?? Is this some kind of joke? We are two weeks into tent rehearsals! Who the heck would sit at home watching the royal wedding?!  Now, now, Tooth Decay, your character is supposed to be mean and nasty. M'kay. Stop cryin'.   Kyle Broflovski! Do you mind telling me where your brother is?! How am I supposed to do a play, okay, teaching students about the importance of dental hygiene without Tooth Decay?! We have two more days of tape, and then previews start on Monday! What am I supposed to do, Kyle?! You tell me!  He's your brother, Kyle Broflovski! Okay! How are you going to fix this?!  What. The fuck. Was that? The audience is supposed to feel scared of tooth decay, Kyle! Mkay?! If Tooth Decay has no believability, then Tooth Past and Dental Floss have nothing to play against! Oh, you're trying! You call rolling your fat ass out on the stage and lazily blurting out your lines like a turtle takin' a shit, you call that tryin'?! This play is supposed to change  Pick it up from there! Wokay, in fifteen fucking minutes you all are not gonna care about this anymore, so I'll just say what I need to say. That was the worst rehearsal we have ever had! We are two days away from opening and you're all fucking around! Oh, don't put this all on Tooth Decay!  Let me tell you something, Dental Floss! You're not as good as you fuckin' think you are! You're already acting like you're a star and we haven't even opened yet! OPEN YOUR FUCKIN' EYES, DENTAL FLOSS! YOU'RE ABOUT TO BLOW YOUR SHOT! I don't know what the Goddamned problem is. Maybe you all don't know how serious tooth decay is, maybe you all just don't give a fuck. You all probably think you can live your lives cavity-free, m'kay, never givin' two shits about the plaque that's building on your teeth. Kyle, you have single-handedly destroyed all that which I worked on for the past six years. And so I want you to know, Kyle, once and for all, why this whole "dental hygiene" thing is so important to me.  Two years ago... I lost my father to tooth decay. M'kay? He was an intelligent, hard-workin' man, and my whole family watched as tooth decay took him in the blink of an eye! You've been told to brush and to floss, but do you really know the importance behind it?! DO YOU?! FLAT! You're FLAT!  I want you all to take a serious fucking look at yourselves! M'kay?! Act I was pure fucking dogshit! If Tooth Decay is singin' flat, then the whole fuckin' thing sounds flat! Wuhkay?! What?! Why?! Don't worry, I will be better! These kids just aren't listenin' to me!  What? Oho... Oh, God... Go on home, kids. M'kay? It's over! 