I've got more friends than Ky-yle! I've got more friends than Ky-yle! 'Cause people think I'm cool, dude.  Stupid Facebook stuff. Stan, we know it's hard to get started, but we have a little surprise for you. Surprise!  Alright, fine dude, you don't have to add any friends. You can just be like Kip Drordy. Kip Drordy, the third grader? He's got nooo Facebook friends.  And he's had a profile for more than six months.  So if you're a friend of Jimmy's you're about to luck into about 90 chick friends, and as we all know, chick friends are worth almost triple what dude friends are. That's all the time I have for today. Remember, update that profile, and steer clear of Kyle! You're very smart, Kyle. But the truth is, as long as you have that Kip Drordy loser as a Facebook friend, people view your friendship as a liability. You gotta dump him. Well Kyle, then what you have to do is go outside the normal circles and try to make friends with people who've never heard of Kip. It's not as hard as it sounds, Kyle. Have you ever heard of chatroulette? Yep, finding new friends is easier today than ever before. We just set ourselves up on webcam, and then the computer will randomly put us with one of the fifty thousand people online also doing chatroulette. Uh huh. Alright, let's see who our first chat partner is. Connect. Oh yeah, you get those sometimes. We'll just click to the next person. There we go. Hello? Okay let's, let's try this one. Hold on, Kyle! This is seriously an amazing gathering place where people from all over the world can share their thoughts and ideas.  Okay, that's a dude jacking off, but... 'Kay, dude jacking off... Penis... Penis... Penis penis penis. Ah! Here's a guy! Hey dude, how's it going? This is my friend Kyle. He's looking for some new friends. Ohh, he's taking out his penis. Okay, next guy... Kyle, this is the way the world works! If you wanna find some quality friends, you've gotta wade through all the dicks first! Dude jacking off... Dude jacking off...  That's a dude jacking off... Waitwait wait wait, wait Kyle!  Here's a nice little Jewish kid. Hey, hi there. Yeah hey, nice to meet you. My friend Kyle is a Jew too. 