Mayor, it's about the South Park flag. We ''cannot'' change the South Park flag, Mayor! Chef, I respect you very much, but you ''have'' to understand that this has ''been'' the South Park flag since some of our ancestors, like my great-grandfather, ''founded'' this land! Chef, what about the baseball team, the Cleveland Indians, huh? Should ''they'' change their name because it's racist? No, because it's their ''history!'' And ''I'm'' telling you it WON'T! This is about history, kids.  And then we'll have to change everything, and pretty soon all our history will be forgotten. But to REALLY understand the South Park's flag's importance, you need to know about South Park's history. Ned here's a big history buff, and he can tell you the whole story. Ned? You sure? You boys go make me proud now and win that debate- Chris Peterson!  God-damnit, we missed him again! Don't change history! Huh? Uh hey now, uh. We don't want ''your'' support. We're not racists; this is about history. Don't change history!  Ned, nobody's gonna vote for our side if it's the side those KKK members are on. Come on, we gotta put a stop to them.  Alright, Ned. We've got to be careful. These are really evil men we're dealing with. Damnit Ned, doesn't that thing have a volume control?  Let's say they should change the flag! I think we should switch sides! Look, we have to accept the fact that most people in the world hate us, right? So, whatever side ''we're'' on is the side that's gonna lose, right? So why don't ''we'' all say that we want the flag changed. That way, most folks'll vote to keep it the way it is.  That worked perfectly, Ned. Jesus, Ned, these guys are completely nuts.  Oh, Jesus, the robes! Chef, this isn't what it looks like. You've gotta listen to us! Ned, I'm starting to think that maybe history ain't worth defendin' sometimes. Yeah. You know, uh I suddenly found myself on the side of Klan members. I've never had anything against blacks, Chef. We've been way too divisive over this, Chef. Maybe we can come up with a- compromise flag—something that everybody can be happy with. I have to admit it, that is a ''lot'' nicer. 