We'll march with you, Chef. How could any of you think that flag should stay the way it is?!  Stan?! How could you be so insensitive?!  Okay. Now, in order for us the debate to change the South Park flag, we will need to do a lot of research. Now, my plan is to divide up into three research teams. We will present our arguments based on things that w-  Nice of you to show up! We were just discussing how we should state our case.  What??  Cartman, we can't just attack Stan and Kyle's credibility. We need to present our side of the debate. The South Park flag! D'aaaaahhh! This might come in handy. It says here that recently a case was brought before the South Carolina Court about their flag, and they- If we could show a parallel between the South Carolina case- Cartman, why don't you just go home?! You aren't helping any! That's because you're stupid, and you're a racist! I can't believe it. All the pressure's on ''us''. I mean, this debate is going to actually af''fect'' the outcome of the vote. Oh man, we've got to come up with rebuttals to the history argument. Huh?  Hey, that's a pretty good point, Cartman. Not bad at all. I may make that our first argument.  Double-stuffed cookies are my favorite.  Hey, that's what ''I'' always do, too! Yeah. Jesus, I never thought I'd have anything in common with you, Cartman. Aha ha. Weird, um. Okay. Uh. Now, let's say that first we talk about the history of the flag.  No.  You go ahead.  Say it'll be like this forever. Oh, Cartman!  AAAAAAaaaah!   Aaaah!  Oh God, please don't let this be happening.  Thanks for coming over, Bebe. I have something to tell you. Bebe, I'm attracted to Cartman.  I know. Because I don't know what to do. I can't concentrate, and if I can't concentrate, then I can't win the debate tomorrow. The whole vote is dependent on me doing a good job- You mean, I should kiss him?   Oh God.  Mmmmmummmmeeemmeeemeeemmee...  Phew. I'm sure glad ''that's'' over with.   I can't believe how right Bebe was about feeling under pressure with somebody. As soon as it was over, all my feelings for you just vanished. I'm totally back to normal. See you later.  Hahaha.  