 Yes, Eric? Eric, this isn't working. You called me a whore and pushed me in front of a car. Eric, you just can't keep being mean to me and blaming it on your blood sugar. Eric, if blood sugar is really the problem, then you need to change how you eat, right? Eric, every time I've talked to you about maybe being a vegan with me, you just tell me vegans are pussies. But then you try and blame food and your mom for being- You really mean it? All right, Eric. We'll see how this goes, okay? See you tomorrow.  Hey babe. What are you up to?  That's great. You wanna come eat with me? I can explain what I packed. Oh. Hey Kyle. Well, whattaya mean? Oh, God, not you too. Look, don't you think I get it enough from my girlfriends? "He sucks, Heidi. What's wrong with you? Why can't you admit he's a loser? How could anyone ever go with him?" I was just following my heart. Isn't that what you're supposed to do?   What? Yeah, the vegan meat that's made with all vegetables and plants. Really? That's great, babe. Oh wow.  It tasted just like KFC. Yeah, it's really good.  Hey babe. I-ah, I'm not feeling the best again.  I might see if my mom can come pick me up. I, I know, but I just feel bloated. I think there might have been something bad in that Beyond Arby's. Can you come with?  Wha, what are you doing, Eric? Oh, okay. Um, are we still on for lunch? Okay, see ya.  I keep thinking Eric's going to change. Before we started going out I was in a really bad place. I felt... pushed away by society. Then this guy came along who told me all the things I wanted to hear, and I just went with it. Does that make me a bad person?  I've been defending him for so long. I don't know how I'm gonna face people if I finally give up.   Thanks, guys. Thanks for taking me out. This is really fun.  Well, you know, he- he actually had some good qualities too.  It was just what I believed in. Hi Eric. I don't know. I think I- I just wanna make sure... you're doing okay. I want you to know I'll always care about you.  I'm sorry that I've hurt you. I think maybe I am just stupid and I don't know what I want and it ends up hurting people. But I'm the one who- Hey.  I wanted to talk to you first. Kyle, I've been under a lot of stress lately, and it was all making me really confused.  I was being manipulated, and I didn't even see it. I never do. And, I don't think you saw it either, Kyle. I've come to realize that it's not my fault. It's your fault, Kyle. You made all this happen. Made me question who I was.  