That's enough, Cartman! I am so sick of hearing you call Heidi horrible things! I don't get it. I just really don't get it. How is she still supporting him?! But he clearly sucks! She has to know he sucks. What the hell is going on?! It is our problem. This is affecting us! Our whole school. There's got to be a reason she sticks by him.  Oh Heidi? Heidi, you got a sec? Hey. Uh, listen, uh... I-I know you and Cartman have an anniversary coming up and, I was just wondering, you know, um. How do you think he's doing? Aaas a boyfriend. Well, you know, like, some of us are thinking that, uh, maybe he's not super-qualified to be with you? Just, like, what are the things about Cartman that you find remotely redeeming? You don't have to get defensive. I just- I didn't say "I...  told you-" Wooow. Guys, listen: I think I know why Heidi won't admit Cartman's a horrible boyfriend. Yeah! It's important. We have to help that girl. Can't you see what's happening? You're wrong. In a way... I think we're all going out with Cartman right now. Hello. I know things have been difficult between us lately. I know you think all boys are sort of pigs, but just know that a lot of us boys think girls are amazing and smart and beautiful.  Oh, shit. It's Heidi Turner. You guys shouldn't criticize her so much for going with Cartman. I know! I, I know that, okay? Trust me, I hate Cartman as much as any of you, but just, give her some space, you know? You can't keep on saying "We told you so", because if you make her feel dumb, she just doubles down and tries to prove herself that it wasn't dumb. No! No I don't! ... Do I? Yeah, no, we're not getting involved with that.  Cartman, can we talk? I just, I hope that maybe you can realize what you have with Heidi and, and just try to be good to her, okay? You doin' okay, Heidi?  Heidi, people like Cartman, they always make things someone else's fault. We all wrongly see ourselves as the victims sometimes, but Cartman sees himself as the victim all the time. He'll always find someone to blame for his shortcomings, and because of that, he's never gonna change. No, Heidi. Good people make bad decisions every day.  Cartman, I didn't mean for things to happen the way they did. Cartman, you weren't happy. All you did was bitch about her all the time. Come on, Cartman. I- Stop it! I'm sorry, Cartman. You just have to accept that Heidi's moved on. Hey! You all set to go? Okay, sure. Yeah, that's understandable. What do you mean? But Heidi, I thought- Dude... did she just call me a dirty Jew?  