 Captain Cartman reporting from Shuttlecraft Spontaneity. Approaching planet Omega Nine. What kind of atmosphere are you reading on the planet surface, Jew? All right, what kind of atmosphere are you reading, Vulcan Jew? All right, hang on. We're about to land.  Okay, First Officer Stan and Engineer Kenny, you come with me on the away team. Vulcan Jew Kyle will wait here.  It's my Mom's new minivan, so I'm the captain, Kyle! Fine, Kyle! But if something goes wrong out there on the planet surface, don't hold me responsible. Set phasers on stun. Yes. A little too quiet. Okay, fine, I guess we'll look for- Oh no!! Look out! It's a giant four-headed lava frog! Shoot it!  Oh no, it got Kyle! Aw, it got Kyle and it's tearing his head off!  Aw you guys, it looks like Kyle is done for! Agh! You see guys, this is why you don't bring Jews along on the away team: they don't play along! Oh yeah?! I saw Mel Gibson's movie, ''The Passion'', and Mel Gibson says, in the movie, Jews are the Devil! How do you know?! I've seen ''The Passion'' thirty-four times now, Kyle! You haven't seen it once! There's even one part where the Jews have a chance to save Jesus, and you know what they do? They let Barabbas, a serial killer, go free instead and laugh about it. Go see the movie, Kyle! You know what it is? You're scared. You're scared of the truth. You don't want that movie to show you just how bad the Jews are, and why everyone hates you.  Really? Three hundred million domestic box-office, Kyle. The top-grossing film of all time, Kyle. Those numbers don't lie. If you're not scared of ''The Passion'' then go see it. Go see it and tell me I'm wrong. Mel Gibson, Kyle. Mel Gibson. Sweet, now I can just play with myself.  Mom! Doorbell!  Mom! Answer the door! God damn it, lazy-ass whore.  It's okay, Kyle. It's okay. Just... say that first part again?  Mmm, one more time, Kyle. I want to thank you for all the blessings you have brought me. You have shown me the way so many times in the past and... now you are making all my dreams come true. You give me strength when there is doubt, and I praise you for all you have done.  Only you, Mel Gibson, have had the wisdom and the courage to show the world the truth. From this day forward I will dedicate my life to making sure your film is seen by everyone. I will organize the masses so that we may do thy bidding. Hail Mel Gibson. Amen. Mel Gibson's ''The Passion'' Fan Club. Uh huh, and so you want to join the fan club now. Our first meeting is at 5:30 p.m. What? You thought it sucked? Sir, apparently, you don't understand what Mel Gibson was trying to do! He was trying to express, through cinema, the horror and filthiness of the common Jew. It has made people the world over open their eyes. If I knew where Mel Gibson was, I'd be down on the floor licking his balls at this very moment, sir. All I know is he lives somewhere in Malibu. Now stop wasting me and Mel Gibson's time, you little wussy prick. Oh yeah?! I'd like to see you try, asshole! I'm like six feet tall! Bitch?! Don't call ''me'' bitch! I'll pop your fuckin' head open! I already brought it, bitch! I brought it, set it down on the table and opened it, bitch! Eup.  Yeah Mom, I'm holding a meeting for all the people who loved ''The Passion'' as much as I did.  Tell them I'll be down shortly  Ah, hello everyone. Achtung.  Ah thank you, thank you. I'm happy to see that all of you.were affected by ''The Passion'' like I was. Now, we all know why we're here, and I believe we all what needs to be done. But, I think it's best we don't talk out loud about it until we have most of them on the trains heading to the camps.   all know needs to be done, we are first going to need more support. I think we should all go out and take at least one other person to see ''The Passion''. Yes, and then we can begin the cleansing, if you know what I mean. One month ago today, this amazing film opened in theaters. And now, we proud few gather here as a people brought together by its message!  Now I believe we should take to the streets and march in unwavering support of this important movie! And as we march for ''The Passion'' we should also ''voice'' our support! So, when I say "Es ist Zeit für Säuberung," you all chant back "Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten."  Es ist Zeit fër Rache!  Es ist Zeit für Rache! Es ist Zeit für Rache! Nice.  Es ist Zeit für Rache! Es ist Zeit für Rache!  Juden! Mel! Gibson!  Have I been a good boy, Mr. Gibson?! Aw, aw, no, come on, people, we're so close to completing my final solution! 