I'm a Vulcan!  The atmosphere is oxygen-based, should support our breathing. No! I'm on the away team too!  I don't care! You're not making me wait in the van again! I am picking up carbon-based life forms in Sector C. I believe we will find a village of peaceful aliens over that ridge.   No I'm not! God damn it Cartman, you're not gonna kill me off again! Shut up about Jews, fatass! You don't know anything! He does not! Naw uh! I'm not arguing about ''The Passion''! He's being an asshole! People don't hate the Jews! ...You're a stupid asshole!  One please. Yeah, I know, but I have to- ...Thanks.  Haaaah!  How? How could the Jews do that to Jesus? You were right. You were right all along. I thought you were just an asshole when you ripped on Jews, but... I didn't know, I... I didn't know. You were, you were right? You were right.  Kill Jesus! Yesss! Arrrgh!  Oh okay, but did God sent Jesus TO die, or did Jesus just get kind of screwed over. Well, I have this friend, see? And this friend belongs to a certain, Chosen People of Israel. And it... so happens that these chosen people killed your Lord. Right. But he can't live with the guilt anymore. Because, even if Jesus ''wasn't'' really the Son of God, he was still a nice guy. And he didn't deserve what happened to him in Mel Gibson's movie. I I can't sleep at night. I mean, my... friend can't sleep at night. But how can the Jews make it better?? Wait. That's it. Atonement. Of course.  Thank you, rabbi.  In 1973, the United States officially issued an apology to the African American community for slavery. In 1956, Germany officially apologized for World War II AND the Holocaust. And now, I believe, in 2004, the Jewish community needs to apologize for the death of Jesus. If we as a people choose not to believe that Jesus is the Son of God, then we can still apologize for the brutal way in which he was killed, and take our share of the responsibility for it. I saw ''The Passion''!  Both you guys, stop! Please. You're gonna make people hate us more!  The last time we did that we killed Jesus!   Dude, what's wrong with him? Dude! I've been freaked out this whole time because of that guy's movie? Oh, dude, I feel so much better about being Jewish now that I see that Mel Gibson is just a big wacko douche.  