Warp drive disengaged. Landing sequence initiated. Things seem pretty quiet. Oh God, here we go again. That does it! I'm sick of you guys arguing about ''The Passion''! I'm out of here. Look at that, dude. ''The Passion'' has made almost 400 million dollars at the box office now.  Everyone in the country's gonna see that movie. I guess... we have to go see it too. Dude. That movie sucked. How can they even call that a movie? That's bullcrap dude, let's go get our money back. Hey, we want our money back. That movie sucked ass. Give us back our eighteen dollars. That wasn't a movie, that was a snuff film! You can't charge people to watch a guy get tortured for two hours! We go to church to learn that stuff! We go to movies to be entertained! We weren't entertained, and we want our money back! W-what? Mel Gibson? You're saying we have to get our money back from Mel Gibson? Oh, we will! This is America! And in America, if something sucks, you're supposed to be able to get your money back! Come on, Kenny!  Okay, search for Mel Gibson. Mel Gibson bio, Mel Gibson news, Mel Gibson... home page. Here we go.  Hi, uh, my friend and I just went to see ''The Passion''. No, no, no, no, we want our money back. We think the movie sucked and we want Mel Gibson to give us back our eighteen dollars. Do you know how we can get in touch with him? Look, kid, we just thought it was a bad movie, so tell us how to get in touch with Mel Gibson so we can get our money back! Hey, don't take that tone with me, kid! I'll kick your ass! I don't care! You sound like a little bitch to me! Yeah?! You wanna bring it, you little pussy?!   Come on, Kenny, we're going to Malibu! We'll take the bus! Look, this isn't about the eighteen dollars ticket money anymore. This is about being able to hold bad filmmakers responsible!  This is just like when we got our money back for ''BASEketball''! Thank you.  Oh, hi, uh, my name is Stan, and this is Kenny. Uh, we saw your movie, ''The Passion'', and we didn't like it, so, can we have our money back, please? Look, dude, we came a long way. We're not leaving until you give us our money. Tor- torture you? We don't want to torture you. Dude, can we please just have the eighteen dollars back from you? Dude, this guy is freakin' daffy! Mel Gibson is fucking crazy dude!  Awww crap, he's only got twenties! You got two dollars, Kenny?  All right, let's get the hell out of here!  Aah! Run, dude, run! Well it looks like with these bus tickets we spend about eighty... seven dollars getting our money back from Mel Gibson.  But I think it's the principle of the thing that matters. Oh, you've got to be shittin' me.  Goddamn, that guy's crazy.  Hey dude, you've gotta speed up. Mel Gibson is chasing after us. You've gotta go faster. I'm not playing games. Mel Gibson is right behind you and he's gonna-  Yeah. I told you that! He wouldn't give us our money back for ''The Passion'', so we kinda took it. He's koo-koo, dude. He's absolutely out of his mind. It's our eighteen dollars! Your movie sucked! No, dude, if you wanna be Christian, that's cool, but, you should follow what Jesus taught instead of how he got killed. Focusing on how he got killed is what people did in the Dark Ages and it ends up with really bad results. 