Oh, hey Eric. I was just trying to write some new jokes for my comedy  ...rou-routine. Sorry Eric, but I really need to work, very much. I haven't written a good joke in over a week. Oh, well, sure. I've never really tried working with a partner, but let's give it a sho- a sh- a-sh, a-sh, shotaroosky. Let's see... I was workin' on this: Why does a squirrel swim on its back? To keep his -nuts dry. Ahb. A fireman and a p-p-Polack are eating marshmallows when- ...So the Pope says, "What are you, a stinking e-evolutionist?" Wow, thanks Mom.  You might have saved my life. You can check the freezer. There might be some frozen fishsticks or somethin', if you like fishsticks.  Wait a minute. Fishsticks... Fish. Dicks.  Alright, just run with me on this, Eric. Say Eric, do you like fishsticks? You like putting fishsticks in your mouth? Well what are you, Eric? A gay fish? Yeah yeah, let's do it to Clyde. P-patent? Well, Eric, th-that's really not how jokes work. I mean, you know, we should just be... happy that the joke is so popular and made a lot of people laugh. Well, he didn't actually... write any of it. He just uh... Actually it was potato chips. W-well, I-I mean he, he was in the room. Really? Aahhm, I don't know, Eric. I really don't think I want to sign that very much. Well, to be perfectly f-f-f-frank, Eric, I think I came up with a little bit more of the joke than you did. Well, you know, I mean, I basically wrote the thing, and you just kind of ate chips. Sorry Eric, but I've gotta write some jokes. Unless you wanna team up or somethin'. Wow, thanks Eric. Is that... Is that how it happened? I'm... I'm sorry? Oh hey Eric. Just workin' on some jokes. Hey, that'd be great! I've always wanted to work with you. You're really funny and you're totally not fat. Hey, you're really onto something there. Right. And then I say, "Yeah." Oh wow, this is incredible!  It was just a- Well Ellen, the tr- tr- tr- Yes Ma'am.  It's always been my dream to go on a national TV show and talk about the c-c-craft of comedy. Eric, there's something I really need to know. How do you live with yourself? You know you had nothing to do with the fishsticks joke.  But you just keep pretending. How do you look at yourself in the f-f-fucking mirror?! That's what I want to know! How do you take credit for something you didn't do?! Please, I wasn't starting rumors about you. I don't even know who you are. Well, we, we were just talking about ideas for jokes and then- Well I just but I buh I was, gonna ebeh- Oh boy! It's my best pal, Eric! I'm trying to write jokes. But I'm not as funny as you, so it's tough. Ruh really? Wow, you would help me even though I'm crippled. You are caring and not fat.  What was that?  Wow Eric, in-credible! Too bad I'm a dick and I'm gonna take all the credit. Su-su-suck it, bitch! What?! Jesus Eric, he's gonna kill you! You won't even admit it was just me, knowing you're gonna die? Rih, r-r-really? Thanks, Eric, for being so understanding. 