Oh. Hey Kyle. I'm volunteering.  I'm volunteering my time, Kyle. I'm volunteering, Kyle! It just so happens Sarah McLachlan touched my heart. Is that so hard to believe?!  Ah, crap!  Okay Kyle, you caught us. I admit we aren't actually doing volunteer work at the hospital. What if I were to tell you there's a way to help those poor babies born addicted to crack, ''and'' give them a future as well. Crack baby basketball.  We could actually really use you! Because we need a Jew to do the bookkeeping.  Kyle, hold on a second! What's terrible, Kyle?! We fill a little ball with crack, we let the crack babies fight over it, and we put it up on the Internet! Who cares?! We made a thousand dollars in eleven days.  Ask the guys. There's six hospitals within a ten-mile radius, and all we do is pit the crack babies against each other with a ''little'' ball of crack. Dude, this thing is huge. And it doesn't hurt the crack babies at all. We're swimming in cash, Kyle. Let me take you out to Denny's. It's Baconalia time. After you.  Come on.  We started with two crack babies and a camera. Butters did all the Internet stuff. We've built up to a thousand hits a day. It's a good life, Kyle. We've come here every night for Denny's Baconalia specials. Look at the menu. Bacon inside pancakes, bacon meatloaf, they even have a bacon sundae for dessert. We are turning this thing into a legitimate sport, Kyle. We're getting Slash to start playing at halftime. And EA Sports is offering us a hundred thousand for the video game rights. You've got a constant flow of athletes that never dries up, Kyle. And best of all, it's all charity, so it's tax free.  Put your office right here, Kyle. All of South Park walking by, looking up at you. Somebody's gotta eat all that bacon, Kyle. Might as well be us. Welcome to the firm.  Betsy MacIntosh? We heard about you through the Passages Sobriety Clinic? They said you've skipped out on your rehab once again? We need to speak with you, ma'am.  And so am I correct that you are eight and a half months pregnant and still addicted to cocaine?  We believe that St. Mary's is the best hospital for your child, and we're prepared to offer it a full ride. Now, do you know yet if your child is male or female, or so deformed you'll never be able to tell?  Just sign the paper and he'll be playing ball for St. Mary's. Well, nothing. Crack baby players can't make a salary, based on the rules. I don't make the rules, ma'am, I just think them up and write them down. Now, if you'll be willing to sign right here we can get things rolling on the- Rgh! Ma'am, the Crack Baby Athletic Association is a storied franchise. It was founded over twelve days ago, with a firm ethical code that strictly states "benefits to players is detrimentalized to their well-being." I cannot offer you or your child any cash. I can however offer you a little bit of crack. Butters?  It's the easiest thing in the world! How could you guys have screwed this up?! All I asked you to do was to get Slash to play at half time for the match up between the crack babies at Cedars-Sinai NCU!  Hey Kyle. Have a seat. Mr. Peters, can I call you back? Our company accountant needs me. Yes, he is Jewish. Okay, thanks, Mr. Peters. Bye.  How's it goin', man? They can't make money. It's against the rules. Kyle, it says right there: Rule number 3. Crack baby players cannot receive compensation of any kind for their playing. What do you want me to do, Kyle? Find a stepladder of some kind and risk my safety to get up there and change the rules?! We're a non-profit company, Kyle. Egh, to things we need to keep the office running, Kyle. Here, look.  It's not just a hot tub. Taste it. Go ahead, taste it.  Kentucky Fried Chicken gravy. A hot tub full of KFC gravy, Kyle. Did you ever think you would see that in your lifetime?  Kyle, as owners of this company, we owe it not only to ourselves, but to the crack babies to be as stress-free and clear-headed as possible. McDonald's French fries and KFC gravy. The French call this "poutine". It's not illegal Kyle. Tell you what: I'll do some undercover work and find out how the other companies get away with it.  Helloo thear! The name is Eric P Cartman. I'm a well-respected owner in the slave trade. My peaches, what a wonderful office you got yourself heah. Certainly got yourself a luuucrative bidness, don't ye. Well let me get right down to it theyen. Like yourself,  But at the moment I find myself in a little quandary with ligal issues. Was wonderin' if you could share some secrets.  You have some might strong-lookin' workers heah, sahr. I'd be willin' to offer you forty dollars for two of the white ones and fifty for the blacks. Student atholetes. Hoho, that is brilliant sahr. Now, when we sell their likeness for video games, how do we get around payin' for our slaves uh- "student atheletes" then? I ain't arguin'. If they got paid, then how did we make all owr money, right? But of course you own slaves, because, oh... riiight.  Alright, so now, how do you get around not paying your slaves. You think you can do whatever you want 'cause your corporation is a university?!  How hard can it be, Clyde?! You walk up to Slash when he's playing at the mall and you offer him a deal! How can Slash be playing in Colorado Springs and Moscow at the same time?! Look, you morons, Slash clearly has a fan club, right?! So just go to the post office, and find out where the mail gets in, and then you'll have Slash's home address! Yeah it's a good idea! Now go get us Slash for halftime!  Are we the only two intelligent people in this entire company, Kyle? Goddamn! ...What? Oh my God... It's genius, Kyle! This the answer to our problems! A three hundred thousand dollar building, but we buy ourselves a million dollars' worth of goodwill with the public. We can say we gave our "student athletes" a place to live and grow for a few years. It's like moral teflon! I knew we needed a Jew in this company, Kyle! Great work!  What? Vunter Slash? But then, who played at my eighth birthday party? But then, who was the guitar player for Guns N' Roses? Are you fucking serious?  You knew about this?? I just can't believe Slash isn't real, I know, right? I was always extra good before my birthday too because I was told Slash would come and play for me.  