 Dude, this is probably the best episode they've ever done! I'm so happy!  Oh no! It's that  super-sad Sarah McLachlan commercial! Look away! Dude, this is the saddest commercial ever! Don't watch!  Why do they have to put this on TV?!  Aaaggh, God. I can't take it anymore! I gotta go volunteer, dude!  What exactly can I do to help? Oh it's, it's so sad.  What are ''you'' doing here?  ...What are ''you'' doing here?! Why do you have a video camera? I'm sorry, can I come back in just a little bit? Thanks.  What's going on?! So what ''are'' you doing?! Alright, what is it?! Why do you need me? I knew you were doing something terrible! Lots of people will when I tell them! You what? A thousand dollars. There's a big wait to sit down. Jesus Christ. Wow...  And it actually helps the crack babies. It's like volunteering but, but we just make a little on the side. Hey Stan. Dude, I want you to have this. It's the twenty bucks I owed you plus thirty dollars interest. I got a job, Stan. I am making tons of money doing some really cool stuff. Crack baby... basketball. No no, it's n-it's not like it sounds. Here, check it out.  Did you know they're putting bacon inside of pancakes at Denny's? Dude, what actually makes total sense about it, if you look at it, is that the crack babies are finally getting some attention ''and'' the care that they need.   Ooogh. Dude, the thing is, we're not the ones that made them crack babies. That's their moms' goddamned fault! I do not sound like Cartman goddamnit!  I need to talk to you.   In our deal with EA Sports we are giving them the right to use images of the crack babies ''and'' their names. But we aren't paying the crack babies. But this video game can make a million dollars. We have to give the crack babies a piece of that. Gut they're the ones risking injury. The government could come after us, Cartman. So then where did the eight hundred dollars we made from selling an Internet ad to Payless Shoe Source go? A hot tub?! Gravy? No way. I know, but dude, we can't license our games to EA Sports and pay the crack babies nothing. Slavery is illegal. What other companies? Here's the thing: Whether or not I'm a part of it, crack baby basketball is popular. Somebody's going to do it. So the only way for me to try and help the situation is to be involved in it, so that I can steer things in a direction that is more beneficial to the actual crack babies.  Oh, it's sooo easy for you, isn't it? I mean, what do ''you'' have to do except lay there and think about what you did at school today, or what you want to watch on TV tomorrow? Well sorry, Skippy, but the world isn't always black and white! Just because some people are born poorer than others doesn't mean I can't enjoy a few McDonald's French fries in a hot tub of gravy from Kentucky Fried Chicken! It happens to be called poutine in Montreal!   Alright Cartman, I've been doin' a lot of thinking about how the company's gonna spend the money we make off the EA Sports deal. We're going to use thirty percent of the money to build an orphanage for the crack babies. I've designed it to be the best place for them to live. A place where they can finally have the care and happiness they deserve. And if you think it's a bad idea, I really don't care! ...What? And so, thirty percent of the money we make off the licensing agreement with EA Sports goes to the orphanage for the needy crack babies. Did you see the blueprints? The babies will have their own putt putt golf course.  Why does it matter how much I'm making, Stan? If the crack babies are getting a place to grow and develop, why does my salary matter? What? Look, let's just get our money from EA Sports and get out of this whole thing once and for all! Wait a minute. According to this you now own all the rights to Crack Baby Basketball and we got nothing. You can't do this! We were gonna build an orphanage! So the crack babies have somewhere to go! You guys, we've just been screwed over and lied to! It's unbelievable, Stan. EA Sports just used us the entire time. We worked for nothing and EA made all the money. You know, I don't think we actually deserved getting screwed over but, but I guess making tons of money off of people who are making nothing is always gonna cause problems. I know, I know, right? We might've got screwed, but the really tragic thing is that those, those poor crack babies at the hospitals are just gonna be stuck there, with nowhere to go.  This is it! This is it, Stan!  excuse me, what is this place? But who paid for all this?  You don't think that-? But he isn't real. 