 Ah, hahah-uhl, oh.  Looks like our orders are actually... down. You sure you did that right? Not ordering as much? Why... what the hell is going on?  Howdy, Stephen. How've you been gettin' on? Oh, it's early mornin's and lots of hard work, but, gotta do what's best for my young 'uns. I've noticed you haven't supplied up in a while, Stephen, so I thought I'd deliver your weed to you personally. Why not? You're not gettin' all sober on us, are ya? Ohhh he, haha, hey... fuck you. My weed not good enough for ya? Something wrong with Tegridy? You're stealing my idea Stephen! Yeah-huh! While you assholes were all screwing around, I went out and made a living! When you grow your own pot, you're taking weed out of my children's mouths!  What seeds?!   Yeah, that's right! Yeah, that's right. Me too. Yeah, that's right! Yeah, that's right. Yeah! Come on! That's right. Drown babies, yeah. Drown babies, that's right. Drown babies. Tegridy.  Stupid government! How can they sit there and look a child in the face and it's fine for people to grow their own weed?! Why does it? Ugh! Am I the only person here who understands what this will do to us?! You know what? Fuck South Park! Yeah, I'm sick it! I'm just- I'm done! I don't give two shits about South Park! All that matters is Tegridy Farms now! Ah, sorry, tours at 11 and 2, and 4:20. Ohh, I told you rich, big-city folk before: You can't buy Tegridy! Yeah, I think so.  What do you want with me?  So you guys wanna team up and piggyback on the goodwill of the legalization movement for some good old-fashioned crony capitalism? I'm totally in.  Yes, Towelie. I'm working on a merger with Med Men. We have a deal in the works to help each other put a stop to home-growers once and for all. That's because I'm the president of the company, and YOU are a TOWEL! What is wrong with trying to protect our business?  I AM NOT A TOWEL! I'm not a towel!  Ah. Augh! Aaaaawwww!! Well, gang. Looks like Tegridy Farms are turning big profits again. We're on our way to becoming the biggest weed brand in the country. I'm not getting pushed around now, you got it? So go on. Anybody here wants to call me a towel, just go ahead and do it! Go on, Sharon. Call me a towel. Best towel you ever had, bitch!   You guys, I've just had the greatest idea ever! No! I've been trying to figure out how to make more money selling weed. And last night, it came to me. We could grow the family business by selling Tegridy... to the Chinese.  What's this Saturday? Everyone?  Stan, you need to wear your Tegridy T-shirt at the performance. Stan, they're available on Amazon starting Friday, so you could really help promote the family business while I'm gone!  First time goin' to China?  It's my first time. I'm goin' out to try and drum up a little "business." What are you headin' out for? Ohhh, huhuh, heeeyy. Fuck you. I, I had that idea like three days ago. So when did you come up with it?   It's okay, it's okay. I'm sure there's plenty of Chinese people for all of us.  Oh that? That's weed. Marijuana. You know.  Ah, here. Here we go. Jay shi daamaa Tegridy Weed.  Uh hey, don-don't forget my suitcase! C-could you grab my suitcase? All my weed is in there! Excuse me! Jay shi daamaa! Aaaugh. I am a proud member of the Communist Party, The Party is more important than the individual.   Who, who's there? No, I don't have any honey. Are you prisoners here? Jesus. What kind of madhouse is this? Your Honors, I'm just a simple farmer, from a simpler time. Now, I've never been to China before, but I hate to say I'm a little disappointed in all of you. From what I've seen, you seem to treat your people like dirt. You don't believe in any individual freedoms. I mean, you got Winnie the Pooh and Piglet in jail! Now, come on, China! You know, a country ain't nothin' unless it's got decency and in-tegrity! And I think I speak for Pooh and Piglet and all of Disney when I say you could use some 'tegrity, China!  Now, it just so happens that I own a Tegridy farm. And I think I might be able to work out a deal for all you nice folk. Uhhh, that's me. Randy Marsh No, I'm from ''South Park''. Hey, hold on a minute! Do you really think this business should be run through intimidation and fear?! Whatever happened to old-time values?! You already have business with the Chinese. You have all the connections money can buy! But there's one thing you don't have. That's Tegridy. Now, it just so happens- They didn't listen at all? But I... wuh-why not? But for what? What if we took their side, then? What if we showed China that we understand how they feel to be made fun of on the Internet? Well, gang, looks like the family business is starting to really turn the corner. I don't know about you, but I, for one, think the world is gonna be a better, and safer, place, now that China finally has Tegridy. Winnie the Pooh, Winnie the Pooh- Oh, yeah, I did kill Winnie the Pooh.  Where are ya goin', Stan? Ooo, about me? Make sure it talks about me bringing Tegridy to China!}} <poem><i>Happy 300 thousand dollars.</i></poem> Can you believe it, gang? We've broken $300,000 selling weed.  "stupid" idea. Now we're living the dream.  Who wants shots?! [jumps into the scene] How many thousand dollars has Tegridy Farms made selling weed? $300,000!  We've got $300,000, just selling  Well? What'd you think, guys? Who cares, Sharon? Business is up. Yeah. We make money either way.  Shelley!  Stan! Mrs. Cartman? Whoa whoa! What's goin' on? Okay, okay. Come on. Let's get you inside and get you some weed.  Believe me, I know how that feels.  You try to do what's best for your family and all you do is get shit on. [hands the joint to Liane] That's just it.  When it comes to families, we have to do what we think is best. All-county immunization roundup? What's that? It's just... it's like, can't people see us trying to do what's best for my family? I'm trying to provide for them by running a business. I'm sorry if I make mistakes. And I get it from both sides, because my family's pissed off at me too. No, you don't!  No, you don't! Nobody understands. Yeah, like, everybody's doing business with China. It's like "get over it." I am. I'm afraid I haven't been very kind to that partner lately. I think maybe it's time for an apology. Where are you going? Do you remember we used to come here and look over the town lights together? I brought you here to apologize, Towelie. I let the money go to my head. I... I got greedy and I started acting like a towel. I need you back. I need Tegridy back, the way it used to be. No more harassing homegrowers. No more Med Men. China's actually a free and loving country that- [gets out of the car and chases after him] Wait, wait, Towelie, come on! I need you! Okay, okay. No more selling to the Chinese.  Fuck the Chinese government. Fuck the Chinese government! There! Hahaha! This is it. This is the moment that Tegridy Farms got back on track. Good morning, everyone. 'morning. So, listen guys. We are not in good shape. The whole "doing business in China" thing has sort of bitten us in the ass,  how do we sell more weed? Stan. Not good enough! Shelly?! Nice attitude! How do we sell more weed? Sharon? Right. Cut out all our marketing. That's Sharon's great idea, everyone. Towelie? Go on. Mulch.  Everyone, great job. You just got powned by a towel. How much do you think we'll get for our mulch? This is gonna save our business. I'm really hungry all of a sudden. You want some Burger King? Uh, hi, can I get, um, large onion rings... the big Coke Zero and, um... What's an Impossible Burger? Plant-based? You mean, it's not like a cow? Hoh. Okay, I'll try it.  Hey. This tastes like shit. You guys make money off of this? Aw that, that's amazing. I mean, this seriously tastes like dog shit, and you get people to buy it?  Wait a minute... Plant-based... Plant... based... Plant-based. Oh my God. Gerald, thanks for coming! You're not gonna believe this! Come on come on come on.  It's a Tegridy burger. Go ahead, try it.  Well? Yeah. It's plant-based. But keep eating it, though. Wait for it. Wait for it... Yeah ha ha? Yeah, right? And you can eat a lot of them and not feel bloated. Towelie's had like 12.   Burgers! Get your burgers here! Plant-based burgers for sale! Get your hamburgers here!  Plant-based burgers for sale! I'm sellin' hamburgers. All-natural, completely plant-based.  Thank you, sir. Yeah, you sell hamburgers here. Tegridy Burger. Made locally right here in South Park. Tegridy Burger. Eating meat doesn't just hurt animals. It hurts people. It takes 13 pounds of grain to produce just one pound of animal meat. All that plant food could be used much more efficiently if-m, if people just ate it directly. Meat is also not environmentally friendly. Meat production is wasteful and causes enormous amounts of pollution. And the meat industry is one of the biggest...  that adopting a vegan diet is way more effective than switching to a greener car in the fight against climate change. For your health, for our planet, for the animals and for each other, we have to switch to plant-based foods. Now, it just so happens-  It's our Grand Opening! Come and visit your town's only plant-based burger joint! Celebrate our Grand Opening! Tegridy Burger! Cheeba cheeba. Cheeba cheeba. Excuse me? Well I'm sorry, Mr. Cow Killer, but this is called "evolution." Uh ho, hehey, fuck you!  I don't know what we're gonna do. These cows are eating all our weed and they're shitting everywhere. They're gonna put us completely out of business! Nobody wants cows anymore! They're bad for climate change!  We gotta kill 'em. They're ruining our burger business! We gotta kill all these cows! Look, it's not gonna be easy. It's not something anyone wants to do but... we're just gonna have to get really, really high. Yeeheeyeah!  Yeah, you know, we're all just -- We're all just bein' healthy and ethical over here!  Huh? Huhuhuh!  Oh, hey. Fuck you! Oh, they were -- They were just -- We didn't eat 'em!  Well? You all excited, gang? Ugh, this isn't any Halloween, because this week, Tegridy Weed is doing a Halloween special. It's big promotional thing. Everyone's gonna love it. Hey, wuh-where's Shelly? Why?  Hey, Shelly? Can I talk to you for a minute? Come on, kiddo.  Shelly, we need to talk about your marijuana problem. You know, what's your problem with it? Yes, we all know, but ugh, why? Shelly, the truth is, some of the most important people in the world smoke weed. Did you know that Snoop Dogg smokes weed? Ugh, way more people enjoy marijuana than you think, okay? Okay, who's your idol? Who do you most look up to in the whole world? Total stoner. High as a kite. Every tennis match. You don't know that, Shelly! Now you're just making assumptions!  Whoa! Whoa! Wait just one second! Are you actually saying that hemp, a classification of cannabis  Hold the freaking phone! You're telling us that marijuana has been used throughout the centuries-? No, I d-, I'm just, I'm surprised that- And, and it is, Shelly. We're havin' a great time!  It's just so hard being a parent sometimes, you know? I've tried everything to get through to my daughter. I took her to a laser show, I played her all of Dark Side Of The Moon, but... it's like... it's like there's something in her head that just doesn't get it! It's just- I have to live my life, you know? I can't let her problems with marijuana drag me down anymore. So, anyway, hey. How's the Halloween Special comin' along? It's ready? O-ho wow! The Halloween Special! I'm so excited to try it.  Oh, wow, that is nice! I'd like to see anyone compete with this Halloween Special. Oh, man, I really like it. It's really smooth. This is so good that we shold stop smoking it right now. We don't want to ruin our Halloween experience, you know?  AAAAAAA! Shelly! No! Nooo!! I just need some time, okay, Towelie? Alright, Towelie, what is this ab-? Whoa!  The Halloween Special!  Yeah! We're back! Yeah! Yeah! Okay, that should be enough Halloween Special for the first few people . What what?   You're going to a book fair? On fucking Halloweed?  You're doing this on purpose, aren't you?! I will not! I have things to get ready, and nobody cares about books on Halloween, Shelly! OH MY GOD!   It's a nightmare! It's a personal hell! I've done everything I can, as a father, to help he with her problem, but she just ignores everything I say! I can't do this! Oh, Shelly, I love you! Her mother doesn't say anything anymore! Whenever I bring up our daughter's marijuana problem, my wife says "I'm gonna lose my mind if you bring this up again." It's destroying all of us! I just think, maybe a night in jail is the wakeup call that she needs. I'm barely gonna have fun at the Halloween Special now! It's gonna be really hard for me to rage knowing you're in here, Shelly. It's gonna be really hard for me to rage!  Hey, come on in, guys! There's candy and hot dogs! Samplers of the special are there on the table, guys. Feel free to light up! Okay, I'll hold down the fort.  Naw, you see, fluvial geomorphology deals with the way rivers change over time. It's geology shit. It's why I got out of it, really. Oh! That's a company secret, my friend! Hey, are you alright there, buddy?  Towelie! There's something wrong with thte special! Oh Jesus! What happened?!    Ooooohh! Winnie the Pooh! Winnie the Pooh! There's monsters everywhere! It's some kind of curse! Unspeakable evil! All different kindds of monsters! Zombies and plant people and bears! Oh my God! What's that?! Oh my God, it's Harvey Weinstein! He's got me! You've got to-argh! He's inside me! Harvey Weinstein is inside me! You've gotta send help! People are dying everywhere! No! Harvey, I said no! Please, somebody co-  Oh God, it's the cows we killed! Get 'im off of me! Get 'im off of me! Oh my God! Get 'im off of me!  Waugh! Get 'im off of me! Get 'im off of me! Augh! We gotta fight them, Towelie! Waugh! We're going to live! We're going to live!  Hey, guess I slept in late, huh? What time is it?  Ooof, wow. That was some strong-ass Halloween Special, y'all. I mean... I saw rapists in the hot tub, zombie cows. I thought I was gonna die, and then, this fat, bitchy angel came and put me to bed.  Did everyone enjoy the Halloween Special? Oh. Well, that was pretty much my target audience anyway.  What do you think you're-? My show! My Tegridy Farms show! Hello, Mayor. Mr. and Mrs. Tweek, ... Mackey. Yah, Mexican Joker. That was terrible.  Well, that's ridiculous. Guys, I have nothing against homegrowers. Hm...  Enough of Tegridy Farms? South Park is NOTHING without Tegridy Farms! I didn't do anything wrong!  Hi, Mr. Ga- Mr. President, Uh, I'm really sorry to bother you. Look, uh... I'm in a bit of trouble. Yeah, they uh, someone got some supposed evidence on me doing something... "illegal" and uh. Y-yeah, of course. Did I what? Uh, uhm, "Hey, you! You blew up people's yards who were growing their own marijuana!" "You, you illegally damaged property and made your business-" Jeez, you're really good at that. Look, what I really need from you is some personnel. Do you know any good lawyers? Look, doctor. You have to give me something. I'm really sick. I'm like, starting to question things that I've done. Like, starting to question the person I've become. And I can't sleep at night I, I just lay in my cell wondering if I've been a bad father lately, and a bad husband, and... please, it really hurts. I need some marijuana. I just need a little medicinal weed and these symptoms will all go away. You need to turn your life around! Clearly you have the addiction problem and I'm just your whipping boy! Ahh, poop! I've had a lot of time to just sit in here and think. I'm starting to realize I have this pattern of behavior where I... always want more. More weed, more drinks, more deals with the Chinese. It's never enough. See, I've always had my flaws, but at the end of the day, I cared about people. You know what the President said? He said just deny everything and make yourself the victim. Yeah, well... maybe he's part of how I got here. Maybe the President has brought down my moral meter. I don't mean to cast blame - I'm to blame - but... ever since he was elected, I've compared my morals to his. And no matter how awful I am, I'm never as bad a the President, so I'm... okay. I do? Oh. Thanks, but I think I'm just gonna plead guilty. Oh. Ohhh. Yeahhh.  Yeah, I have some words to say! I can't believe I'm being attacked here! You people are monsters! The evidence shows me in a yard taking a dump! Yes! Because I was setting a trap for Mexican Joker!  A bunch of... No... No, I can't do this. You wanna know what really happened? The President... sent me his lawyer, and his lawyer told me what to say to get off and gave me a joint in prison. And then I smoked that joint! And you know what I thought?! I thought "this is some shitty-ass weed." It wasn't Tegridy. It barely even changed my mental state. The reason I got into the marijuana business was to make quality, simple weed that came from the heart. Weed that was strong, and pure. Somewhere on that journey I lost my way. Tegridy weed is about community. It's a sunrise. It's the smile on a baby. But most of all  Thank you. It feels really good to have these charges dropped. Now we can all get back to the business of trying to heal. I'd like to...  Well gang, I guess that's about it, huh? It's been a really good run, but, looks like the season is over. Well sure, the first snow is falling, crops are pretty much dead. Well what'd you all think, huh? I think the season was a little better than anyone expected. I really wanna thank you guys for a great run.  Hello, Mayor,... everybody. What are you doing here? For what? Guys, my season is over. Tegridy Farms' season ended weeks ago. ...You want me to do a... Christmas special? But guys, look behind you.  The crops are dead. How am I supposed to sell weed to people now? Tegridy. Well, you're right about that. Let me call my marijuana science specialist and.... I'll see what I can do. So we use the greenhouse. There's gotta be a way to make a Christmas special. It's what everyone wants. That's 'cause people really didn't like Mexican Joker. I'm not gonna just repackage it. That's not special. Nagh.  Well howdy there, folks. Heard you were all a little down and might need a boost.  Just a little somethin' extra for a special kick. Oh, hi Mayor. What's going on? Are people not liking the Christmas special so far? Okay, okay, look, you busted us. It's a mix of different strains of marijuana we had left over from last season. I know, it's wrong... Oh that? That's cocaine. Yeah, I got the idea praying to Christ. You know, powder, snow, it's what gives Christmas Snow its kick.  Getting enough cocaine was the tricky part, so we started growing our own. Turns out the coca plant is even hardier than the marijuana plant. It can grow even when we're out of season. It is??  Hey hey, it's not a big deal. I've been through this before.  Hang on, I'll handle it. Don't go anywhere. Legalize it! Legalize it! Okay, cocaine's totally legal now. Yeah, legal in seven states including this one, and other states are soon to follow. I told you. It's 2019, dawg. Our Christmas special is so amazing, I don't know how we're gonna keep up with all the demand. We need more help. We're never gonna get enough done in time. Hey Shelley! Hey Shelley! Hey Shelley! Hey Shelley, can you help us make more labels for our Christmas special? Oh great. My daughter had a marijuana problem and now she has a problem with cocaine.  What the hell is this? Heheey, fuck you. Who has that kind of power? We can't sell marijuana during the holidays.  We can't give up on the Christmas special. People need it. I think I know a way around this. There you are, ma'am. There you are, sir. This is amazing, Towelie. Tegridy Farms is finally gonna make all the money I ever dreamed of.  O-ho!  Ohhhhh! Hey Santa. We need to talk. Santa, you don't understand. Santa, that's not just cocaine. It's Tegridy cocaine. That's not true! This cocaine is grown locally. By local people. Please, just try it! Please!  Right?  Please, Jesus. It's Tegridy. Hey guys, I'm so happy my Christmas Special turned out okay. This sucks balls. Ever since you guys moved, everything just keeps changing. I mean, how are all us kids supposed to have any hope anymore? All I think about is all the problems our generation is inheriting: climate change, overfishing, Kyle. I mean, how are we supposed to get happy about anything?  Hey there, Stan. You input all the weed orders? Kids are being handed a world that's broken and sick. We aren't the ones who messed this planet up, but we're the ones who will pay the price.  What's going on? What did that guy do? Detention centers?  Well, this is nice! When did we start doing this? So anyone can make an anonymous tip and you can round up families and send them away? Nobody told me about this! I thought everything sucked now! Do you have a card? Do you remember last week you called me a butthole in front of Suzie Tobler? I want you to apologize for every time you've been a dick to me, Kyle. Oh! Are you sure you don't want to take that back? Uh-okay Kyle. Just remember, I gave you a chance.   That's so sweet. Ha ha. No way.  Oh, hey Kyle. So weak. Jimmy pissed me off 'cause he told the teacher I was texting in class, so I told Jimmy I'd have him sent off to a migrant detention center. He didn't believe me, so I said "Oh, I already did it to Kyle." Stan heard that, so he got pissed off and had me sent off to a migrant detention center. I know. I know it sucks. But we're stuck in here together. Come on, buys. All we have to do is try to make the most of it. ''[smiles, then sings while bouncing around]<br/>It's a hard knock life for us.<br/>It's a hard knock life for us.'' Don't it feel like the wind is always howlin'? Don't it seem like there's never any light? Santa never comes for me. Santa Claus no está aquí.  Oh, my God, Kyle. I didn't even make the connection, you know? I was just like, Oh, I'm gonna have Kyle thrown into a detention camp. That'll be sweet," and I didn't stop to think that... for you guys... it's not that sweet. Man, if I had just thought it through for like, two more minutes, I would have got you back some other way. I feel terrible, Kyle. Why, Kyle? What are you gonna do with- Aluminum foil and some scissors.  Whoa! Yeah, the migrant detention camp was kewl, but it kinda rubs Kyle the wrong way.  No shots! No shots!   No! No! No! Noooooo! Oh, that's a good idea. Like, maybe, exclusive use of the tetherball court at recess for the next two months? Sweet.  I won't change my mind.  We're going home? You promise? Wait, can I get a toy from the toy chest? Cool!   Hey guys! I'm back in school! I'm allowed back, and it's all good. No. I don't have to get my shots, ever!  And they can't do anything about it, because I'm a "consciousness objector." Yeah I told the school, I said "Look, you guys, I happen to have 'religious, moral, or philosophical convictions'." And so- and I said "I believe that 'health and disease should not be controlled by vaccination'." Those are my beliefs! And besides, I don't want to risk immunizations making me artistic.   I'm sorry. What were you saying? Oh! Snot web. I'll be right back, you guys.  Can somebody get me a paper towel? I got a snot web here. [leaves the cafeteria] Consciousness objector coming through!  No, no. Nooooo! [jumps off the bed] You read me a bedtime story. You tucked me in. And then you let half the town into my room to try and give me a shot against my will.  So you go along with society and and try to force immunizations on me, even knowing the health risks! What if immunizations made my friend Timmy the way he is?! What if they made Jimmy the way he is?! What if they made Tolkien the way he is? That isn't gonna work this time, Mom! I don't want to be around you anymore!  You should have thought of that before you made this house a nightmare for me. Goodbye, Mother!  Weeaak! No, no!  Ah, AAAH!   I've gotta get out of here! Mom!   What??  Okay, doctor. I'm ready for my shot. Bad news? What are you talking about? Mom?  Noooooooo... Noooooooo... <poem><i> '''' It's Sloppy Joe day!</i></poem> I seriously think that Sloppy Joe day is my favorite day at school. What is this? Feesh? What kids were complaining about health and sustainability?! What kids would care at all that-  the girls! The fucking girls!  is on our lunch trays?! Oh my God. I'm about to lose my mind.  You think you can just mess with a man's lunch?! You think that your ideas about health and nutrition should be somehow interfering with mine?! You dictate what foods I can eat?!  I can't, I can't. Butters, I can't.  Agh. Fuck you, Wendy. Hey guys. How's it goin'? Yes. The girls tried to kill me, but they did not succeed. However, we cannot let the girls' protest ruin our lunch ever again! Well, their protesting is ruining my lunch! Yes, we do all have freedom of speech! But at times, there are ramifications for the negative that can happen when you're not thinking about others and you're ONLY THINKING ABOUT YOURSELF! They're trying to take people's lunch! They don't realize it harms people financially, physically, emotionally, and spiritually.  Agagagh, my lunch!  Ohm... oh my God. School cafeteria ribs. After all that yogurt and crap they gave me at the hospital? OHM. Yeah. I think maybe I like rib day even more than sloppy Joe day. It's a difficult choice.  CAN I PLEASE JUST ENJOY MY LUNCH FOR FIVE GODDAMNED MINUTES?! We all have freedom of speech, but stop talking about climate change DURING LUNCH TIME! Some of us can just enjoy some simple goddamned barbecue ribs! And I- Daah!  Oh God, they did it again to me, Butters. I think this is the Big One! Don't let me die. Don't let me die. Don't let me die, Butters.  Agh. Fuck you, Wendy.  Mr. Mackey.  These tacos look different. What kind are they? Oh, Incredible Beef tacos. That sounds nice.  Did you guys see that new Joker movie? Lunchtime!  Hey Butters!  Wait up, dude. You know what today is, right? It's Salisbury Steak day! Salisbury Steak day!  Butters, is something going on? Your lunch dances aren't the same. Guilty... about what? Yes, I think it's pretty good. The fuck is a goo man?   And that's what we have for school lunch now? That's what all the kids decided while I wasn't there? Me too. I need to have a word with the students at my school.  Hey, guys, looks like I almost missed lunch. I found out about what we're eating here at the school. I found out what it's made of and where! What are you sorry about? It's me who owes all you guys an apology.  ♪ It's Processed Meat-Like Substance Day ♪ It's Processed Meat-Like Substance Day ♪ Ahp, no Halloween for you, Kenny. Yeah, like you and the mummy need to do your own things sometimes. Titty farts! Titty farts dog wiener.  Pubic mound. Pubic mound.  Pubic mound titty farts hike!   You can't catch! That totally would have been a touchdown. Yeah, this isn't right. I think I might be able to help them.  Mr. and Mrs. White!  I'm sorry about what happened. I knew Jason pretty well. He was a shitty receiver, but he would have wanted his parents to... move on. And help a new child. A few weeks ago, I was sent somewhere. It was a place where people like you could find a way to fill that empty hole. The first bugbear lashes out at Stan with its broadsword.  And it hits with a 17. 4 + 2 slashing I don't think bugbears have balls. Ah huh, ah, heh heh neh no. Um, guys, we play lots of games here at Dice Studz, but today  we're playing D&D. You don't just show up and start playing, you have to generate characters and- Eheh, ha, guys, um, they're fighting a bunch of bugbears now that are led by a 12th level druid...  It is unfair, it is tyrannous, and it is wrong! Ever since these girls were allowed to join Dice Studz Gamers Club, it has been a train wreck! Every single game, they like, figure out all the rules, and they, use the rules, to like, make us look stupid! Shut up, Butters. It's not possible. It's just that we play board games for the themes. We want to be pirates, or Vikings. You know what the girls think about? They think about red cubes versus blue cubes, and how much of this equals how many victory points. They're just doing math. NO! It's it's just, different.  "Nothing we can do," he said. "Hands are tied," he said. We're gonna have to deal with this ourselves, you guys. Well you won't think they're cool when the rest of us leave Dice Studz and you're left to play only solo board games! Do they involve math? Nope, no good. We need something with lots of, like WAR and DICE and THEMATIC shit. Alright, that's it, you guys. Dice Studz Gamers Club is about to go  tabletop miniatures.  Excuse me!  We're going to play the six-hour long, very thematic Nemesis!  It is unfair. It is tyrannous, and it is wrong. Dice Studz is a board game group that brings thrills and laughter to dozens of boys at our school. But that laughter is being turned into screams as girls constantly invade with their unfairness.  And now I'd like for you to hear from my friend Scott, who has diabetes.  Terminal diabetes.  We hope that our presentation has helped to change your minds about school clubs in our country. If not, we will be back, every single day. Please, let Dice Studz be for studs. Ahhh, isn't this nice, you guys? Clean, fresh air, soothing sounds, just us boys and Star Trek: Ascendancy." "Board Girls"? How lame is that?  The fuck is this? ... Yeah, who made up that stupid rule? Dude, I really like this person. That's right! You and your stupid rules! Yeah, an unfair advantage, stupid girls! Come on, Ms. Swanson. We can go make our own club.  So?  Fecal transplant! Whaaat? Yes! Kyle! What is your problem?! Okay, we've got contact. Are you ready with the bucket, Kenny? Place it directly under this pipe.  Now we just wait. For the flush. That's good she's not flushing yet. That means she's got more serious business, and serious business is just what we're after. You see how fat Kyle's mom is? That bitch must poop at least two-pounders. Oh, hey Kyle, What's going on? Kyle, this is the world we're living in, okay? People are finding new and exciting ways to get healthy, and who are we to stand in their way?  That is 100% untrue. Very nice, very nice. Wouldn't know. Whose? [pats Stan on the shoulder] It's all right, Stan. Don't cry. You see, ma'am, our little friend Kenny here is dying, and he's... he's just the biggest Patriots fan. Kind of, like a Michael Jackson kind of thing. [Kenny mumbles something] Oh gosh, we're losin' him! We need to make this happen quickly, ma'am. Uh, ma'am? Hello, ma'am. We are the darling children whose dying friend is all set to meet Tom Brady. [thinking, "I wonder why everyone keeps taking really long pauses after they talk."] Mr. Brady, can we just see your basement really fast? You don't get to be part of Turd Burglars now, Kyle! [Kyle continues forward and stops at the bookcase]  Hehyeah. Scott, you can't be with Sophie Gray. She has diabetes. No, Scott, if you and Sophie have a baby, it'll have super diabetes. I'm not sure, but I'm pretty sure that causes a crater on the Earth.    Oh, that's pretty cool. Agh, goddamnit.  With what? You don't wanna go around messin' with that.  You want my advice? You're better off, Scott. Let some other fool have his life ruined.  Do you know what love is, Scott? I'll tell you one thing: it's not the happy ending that Disney movies promised us. There's just frustration, and anger, and pain. Relationships is diabetes times ten. Fine. I'll tell you how to get Disney+. But when you feel like killing yourself in two years, don't do it in front of me. This is bullcrap! Give me that thing! Goddamnit!   Hey, don't worry, Sophie. We can go watch it together at Tolkien's house. His family has the best AV equipment. Hello ma'am. I'm Eric Cartman. How are you? Yeah yeah, nobody cares, Clyde.  Not as sorry as I am, Sophie. Uh oh, looks like you got some pie on your face, Scott.  This isn't good, you guys. You know what it means when our parents have no Christmas spirit? Shitty presents. We're screwed, you guys. Boy, people sure have the holiday spirit now. Butters, your mom has so much holiday spirit that she's riding an ATV with her tits out.  Does this mean you all have the Christmas spirit again? Yeah, it's all right here. Yeah, I went through it twice. People aren't ordering as much as last month.  What happened to our country? People are being wronged by a broken system, and we must say "NO MORE." No more homegrown marijuana. As the son of a proud American farmer, I am concerned about what homegrown can lead to. People can grow weed wrong and poison themselves. What? Unscrupulous growers could use cheap irrigation and drown babies. Oh, come on. The fact is simple. Marijuana must be grown with Tegridy.  Tegridy. Yeah, but Dad, you're gonna piss off everybody in South Park. I'm writing a song, Dad. We're gonna move back to our old house? Aw, come on, Dad!  Um, hi. We're Crimson Dawn, and um, this is a song I wrote about living out in the country, on a farm. You wanna sign us so we can make a record and I can move away from here? Biopic? You want to make the Crimson Dawn Biopic? Uuummm, it was about two weeks ago. I hah, I hah, I hadn't seen my friend Kyle, and I hate living on a farm, so I started writing songs. Oh. And then Kenny learned to play bass watching YouTube videos of John Lennon with the Dalai Lama.  Aw, seriously? Oh, come on. That's ridiculous!  Yeah. This is so awesome, you guys. Our band is gonna be huge. Hey. What's wrong, Jimmy? Yeah, we can get you a liver transplant. How come? No homosexuality?! We're trying to do a band biopic! Yeah. what's wrong with that? Yeah, because I hate living on a farm 30 miles out of town! I can't stand my dad anymore, and if I want to do death metal, I can! It's a free country! Aw, come on! But that will take forever! Now I know how all the writers in Hollywood feel.  I can't do it anymore, you guys. I can't even think with the Chinese government censoring everything I write. It's so wrong. You know, I mean, we live in a time when the only movies us American kids go see are ones that are approved by China. We just gotta face it. A death metal band is never gonna make real money anymore. The only band that would get approved by China would be all vanilla and cheesy.   Not really. We just almost had a biopic made for our band, but ...wait a minute...  Wait, vanilla and cheesy! I've got it. I've got it! Cut. Cut, cut!  This is all wrong. Yeah, but I can't sell my soul like this. I want to get away from that farm, more than anything, but it's not worth living in a world where China controls my country's art.  I don't care how many people you have! I've got something in me that just won't let me be a part of all this. I wanna be proud of who we are, guys! And anybody who would betray their ideals just to make money in China isn't worth a lick of spit!  Dad? Did you kill Winnie the Pooh? I'm going to go write another song about you. You got your shots? Dude, Cartman, don't you know that if you don't get immunized, you actually put people at risk who- I'm saying that we all had to get shots, and actually, if just one person doesn't-  I hate marijuana too!   I don't know... Do like a sale. Like, a Fall sale? For Halloween? I guess so. Well, it is a little crazy how much you talk about the mummy. Like, how long is "a long time"? Could it be years? YES! But if he doesn't get out of it, then what happens to us? We will, Mom. You too. How much damage is that? I think Nichole and Tammy are cool to play with. You mean like Nemo's War? Nemo's War is sweet. Well if you want something hard, then you need a really crunchy Euro game, something like a Vital Lacerda's Escape Plan or a Uwe Rosenburg Euro. Well all Euros are pretty mathy. So then you want a war miniatures game. Something skirmish-style, like Legion or Blood and Plunder. Whoa, you painted your miniatures? Where'd you learn to do that? I love BGG. Wow! What? Who says? Well, who made up that stupid rule? Dude, Kyle, why are you talking about all this? Yeah, he wants it. Dude, you realize we won't get that game 'till Christmas. We could be playing it tomorrow. She's in. Kyle's mom just squatted in the toilet.  You think she'll poop a big enough log?  How can answer that to which we have no knowledge? You want us to steal some of Kyle's mom's poop for you? Yes, we do understand. We just... well, since you're his publicist. we thought that... you could give Mr. Brady our message. [begins crying] Well if Mr. Brady could just, you know, have Kenny stay over at his house for a night. [thinking, "People just keep looking at me like I'm supposed to say something."] So, you're all here to meet Tom Brady too? Kyle, dude, what are you doing here? [Kyle moves forward] About what? PC Babies? What the hell is this?   What do you mean? This isn't just happening here? Let's just hurry and get to Tolkien's house! Uh, my name's Stan Marsh.  Well, it looks like nobody's streaming shows tonight. Sorry, Sophie. Scott? Oh, hey, Randy. Good. How's life in the Valley been treatin' ya? Oh... yeah, no , I... actually... hadn't ordered any in a while. No. Well... here, let me show you.  I started growing my own plants a couple of weeks ago. I totally get it. It's a really fun hobby. That's Diego, my gardener. What? No, I just started kinda getting into it. I just enjoy the whole- Come on, growing marijuana is not your idea. This is inhumane! Diego is my gardener! Who called you people?! It was Randy Marsh, wasn't it?! Oh yeah, I'm growin' my own weed. I'll grow my own weed. Hey, I think I'll just grow my own weed.  I'll grow my own weed. My own weed. I'll grow my own weed. I'll grow my own weed. Hoh, there's our Butters. It's not safe for our kids to be in this school! You do understand that up to 5% of kids with vaccines can still be at risk! Everyone has to do it, or it doesn't matter! Aw, come on, Mrs. Cartman! All major medical organizations state that vaccines are safe! The CDC, the FDA, UNICEF, and the US Department of Health! Of, of course you care. Nobody likes seeing their child in pain. Maybe... maybe you should just let us take care of getting Eric his shots. We'll find a way to make it completely painless for him, okay? Alright, alright. Bring him in.  The little boy's room is upstairs. Look, by the time he knows what's happened it'll already be over. Yes, yes. Come on, Thomas and Laura!   Thomas! Linda! Yo-you gotta get him!  I think the only way we're goin' to get Eric immunized is by bringing in an expert. Well, what happened? You said you could catch him! Barbecue? Whoa whoa, Mrs. Cartman. Everything is fine here.   Find anything good, Butters/ Well, did you all enjoy the museum, gang? Well I'm pretty sure we saw the whole exhibit. Alright, Archeologist Butters, but then meet us back right here. Oh. Well, finally! The cable company gave us a window from noon to 5 for you to show up, It's 5:15. This is why we should quit cable and just go to streaming services.  Yeah, I think I do. Aha, I don't even know who to call, uh. Here, let me try something.  Yeah! Let's drive!   Mornin', Jim. Mornin', Kate. You really tied one one last night, huh? Happy holidays.  The fuck is this? But this is ridiculous.  Manager? Manager! Manager, there's a chain and sign blocking our way into the liquor aisle. What? Who has that kind of power? We drank it all before driving to the tree-lighting ceremony! Hey, woah woah woah, wait! Hold on!  I've got family coming over, from out of town! You can't expect me to be sober!  Skeeter! Thank God you're still open. I've me a Cabernet, huh? And a couple of bottles to take home. Oh what's the point, Jimbo? What's the point in driving now? We all do, Randy. You a-you're not gonna let a little cold weather stand in your way. Tegridy Farms is about community. I hate the holidays.  Oh wow, this smells great! Well, what are we waiting for, everyone? Let's do some driving!  And it's gonna be the best Christmas ever!  The hell is...? Did you do all my marijuana-free Christmas snow? What are you talking about? No!  Clearly you did! Thomas, we were just wondering if we could borrow a little Christmas Snow. You're darn tootin' we do! Well, only one thing left to do, gang. Let's go driving!  Oh hey, guys. Sorry, the front door was open, so I just walked on in. Seein' if I could still get those seeds from ya, Stephen? Oh, I was gonna try my hand at growin' some weed and Stephen said he'd give me some seeds to get started. Yeah, you know, I think I'll just grow my own weed. My own weed. I'll grow my own weed. Boys, I understand you have a band at the school? Well, boys, it seems to me like your music is kind of... angry. M'kay? I mean, it's really loud, m'kay, and it's a little angry.  Whoawhoawhoawhoa, what's goin' on, kids? Okay, kids, we don't want another incident here, okay? Eric, it's okay. We aren't going to change the school menu, okay? Everything's fine. Girls, I'm sorry, but the health of our students has to come first.  Wuhuhuhu... hello, Eric. Whoa, uh, thank God it worked. Walk, don't run, m'kay?  N-Now, Eric, stay calm, mm-kay! We're sorry. We were just trying to find a compromise! Now just be calm. Okay. An-and do you feel like maybe the mummy is trying to, you know, get you to react? Well, you know, Butters, the mummy feels like you get to do whatever you want, but it doesn't get to do whatever it wants. Yeah, yeah, we had a good talk, yeah. I think the mummy is very insightful and cares about you a lot. Look, the mummy's just sad because you get to go to school and have fun, and what does the mummy get to do? You know, it just sits around being a mummy. You know, that's not fair. Right, but you do care, Butters, because you're sitting in my office talking all about the bad things that the mummy does. Oh hi, boys. Uh we got some new students who want to be part of the gaming club. You know Tammy and Nichole. This is a school club, boys. All clubs are inclusive. Have fun, girls.  So they're smarter than you and beating you at all the board games. Hey boys, you need to get out, okay? No boys in the girls' school clubs. Come on, let's go. New school policy came down from the top. Now get your asses outta there. Boys, I brought you in here because some rumors are floatin' around the school, m'kay? These rumors are that you three somehow stole feces from Kyle's mom, m'kay, and gave it to Mrs. Biggle in return for "Jedi: Fallen Order." M'kay, well someone in this school is a little turd burglar, and I want some answers! It must be hard, having to take turns playing "Jedi: Fallen Order." It's a single-player game, I believe. Oh. Because... I could get you each your own copy. That would be a lot of fun, wouldn't it? You guys stole the poop. Could you do it again? Not Kyle's mom's. Someone else's. [thinking, "The spice. I must have it. The spice mélange."] Okay, kids, if we can all be quiet, please? Today is a very special day, because we have a new student who just moved to town and will be starting her schoolastic adventures here in South Park. I know you're gonna be very kind, and make her feel at home. Please say hi to Sophie Gray. I don't know. There's some sort of blockage in front of the booth section. It's gone, okay?! Just face it, it's all gone!  Try to catch some on your tongue. It's fun. You alright there, partner? Okay, you have a nice day.  ¡Por favor no! ¡Por favor! Nomás quiero trabajar!  This is an ICE raid, son. You need to keep back. Somebody called in an anonymous tip that he might be here illegally. We're just doin' our job, sir. If the family checks out, we'll release them from their detention centers.  Put him in my car.  220. We've breached the front door. You guys take the parents, we'll take the kids.  ¡No! ¡No te lo puedes llevar! ¡Es mi esposo! ¡Mi esposo!  Papa! Papa, no! Papa! Yeah, me too. Wife goes in the van, kids can go with Donovan.  We're ICE, ma'am. Then we have to detain you. If you're legal, you can sort it all out on Monday.  Kids go to LS22. What do you want? Yeah, 'cause you were gonna snap her bra. Fuck you. Are you done now? Can I hang up?  Hello? Mom! Dad! Goddamit, Cartman! Here!  No, I'm Jewish.  I'm just here because some fat intolerant asshole didn't want me around! What about all the other kids? When do they get to go home? My people? Aren't you worried about what you're creating here?! You're pulling children away from their parents and isolating them behind bars. You're traumatizing them and teaching them to fear the U.S. government. Okay, let me try to put this in terms you people will understand. You know superhero movies, right? Okay. You remember how they always create the villain? Some random person who, when they were a child, got taken from their parents and locked away? And the kid was just left to sit and plot revenge? What you're doing here is creating a Mexican Joker!  fight back with a passion unlike anything you've ever seen! No, it could be any of them! That's the point! You don't know which kid in there is gonna snap from being separated and locked down like this! Mexican Joker doesn't care! When that kid grows up, all that will matter is getting back at all of you! What the fuck are you doing here?! I haven't seen my parents in *two weeks*! Nobody even knows where my little brother is! Wait. I have an idea how to get everyone out of here. Get everyone's aluminum foil and some scissors. Just do it before I kill you! Shema Israel Adonai Eloheinu, Adonai ehad.  Goddamnit, nobody here is Mexican Joker! That's not what I meant! The future is not set! We make decisions now that affect our future! NO!! Anything happen while we were gone? Cartman can't come to this school anymore? Oh my God.  I don't know how long this will last, but I'm gonna savor every minute. We're just saying, Butters, that sometimes it all seems a little codependent. Just hike the stupid ball, Cartman. Mississippi one Mississippi two Mississippi three Mississippi four Mississippi five Mississippi six Mississippi seven Mississippi eight Mississippi nine Mississippi ten Mississippi eleven Mississippi twelve Mississippi thirteen Mississippi fourteen Mississippi. Dude, you're really into board games. A bacterial infection? In her stomach? So what can you do for her? Ike, if Mom lives, we can't let anyone ever know about this. Yes! Yuch.  Yeesh. Eewww! Aaagh!   Aaah! Do you guys have any idea what I'm saying?! Half the cells in our bodies aren't human! Right now there are alive creatures in your eyelashes and in your teeth! So?! Right now, that straw has a bunch of little bugs and they're going in your mouth and mixing with trillions of other little bugs that are alive inside you! You aren't even totally you! Okay, guys, listen. My mom had a fecal transplant. Why? What?! Eww! No! That is disgusting. Absolutely not! What is MY problem?! I'm not gonna go steal my mom's shit! I said "no", and that's final! The fuck are you doing?!  You are NOT stealing my mom's shit! It just freaks me out, Doc. [the doctor listens to Kyle breathing and heartbeat] We all have these... things... living inside our bodies, and everyone just seems fine with it. It's like, as soon as people learn they have microbiomes, the first thing they want to do is start swapping them. But where does it stop?! Then, are people just gonna start wanting skinny people's microbiomes to be skinny? Or an athlete's microbiome to feel athletic and young again? Well like, what about Tom Brady's poop? I'm just saying that Tom Brady seems to work really hard on his diet and stuff. His shit must be pretty good. [uncomfortable from the hard stare] What? The bookcase. [presses a button on the panel in front of him and the bookcase recedes and opens up, revealing a vault full of Tom Brady's poop in mason jars.] I didn't know. My microbiome did. All along they were trying to tell me something. I really learned that I'm not just me. I'm also all the creatures inside of me. From now on, I'm gonna trust my gut a little more. [pats his belly] Put it back to Mandalorian, Jimmy! Nobody likes PC Babies.  Yeah! Come on, Sophie! Yeah, what the hell happened? Mommy! Mommy!  No no no no no no, Mommy, no no no no no no! Oh, god damnit!   Aaaaah!  We're American citizens! Get the fuck out of my house!  This is ridiculous! You can't take our children away from us! I-I'm telling you, I just don't know where our passports are! Well, what do we do now? Believe what? Your text said that- It's a hamburger? This tastes like shit.  I just- I just don't think it's very good.  Yeah, it's good.  Whoa. It's really fucking good, man! This is like the best burger I've ever had! Randy? 640. On the first floor.  Just doin' our job, sir. If you check out, you'll be released from the detention centers. Who are you people? NO! You will not take my children from me! Monday?!  Ike!  Look, I don't know what kind of mother wouldn't vaccinate their child, but it's putting everyone in danger, and that's why-  Hi, Sharon. We just know you're going through a really hard time right now. We wanted to bring you guys some lasagna. Oh, look at that, Sharon. You took down all the pictures of marijuana. When I look out across this room, I see the backbone of our community. The women of this town need to stand together.  I'm alright. Oh...   Oh, hi Laura. I was! But I had an amazing procedure. I had a fecal transplant. A fecal transplant. It's when they take the feces of a healthy donor and place it in your anus. I feel like a million dollars! I was! But I had a fecal transplant. I'm telling you girls, it's solved every problem I've ever had. I've lost weight, I have more energy, I even think my arthritis is clearing up.  Thanks, Janice. Fecal transplant! Oh it's amazing. You know I could never eat like this before. My allergy to shellfish has literally gone away. ... Um, what? Oh heh, well, you know girls, if the doctor doesn't think it's safe, you probably shouldn't be doing DIY transplants. Yeah.  I mean, i-it's not that I don't want to share everything with my friends, it's just uh, you know, uh, I'm sorry, it's uh, it just doesn't seem right.  Oh, this is Kyle. Sorry, girls, let me take this. [leaves the table] Harriet? You're looking chipper today. I though the doctor wouldn't give you a fecal transplant, Harriet. Where did you get the feces? What? You're joking! Girls, can I just say... you both look fantastic. Well, it's great you guys are doing it the natural way. amd we don't have to deal with Harriet anymore. [the doors fly open and Harriet enters, having thrown up on herself.] Harriet, I do not like your tone. What are you talking about? So you DID take my poo, huh, Harriet?! Oh, IS it? 'Cause the girls told me you called me the C-word the other day. Girls, this was all my fault. I think I got a little carried away bragging about my fecal transplant. Kyle, how did you do it? I mean, how did you even know what was going on?  Oh, why does it matter? Fuck South Park? ... I don't know if you wanna say "Fuck South Park."  Hey Randy, did you go make a deal with another weed company? Med Men? But, those guys are posers. Jesus... You know, I knew a guy who thought weed should be for everybody. A guy who believed in integrity. I don't understand who you even are anymore. YOU're a towel!   ...Yeah, so what?! Then you turned into an asshole! No more harassin' homegrowers? No more dealin' with those Med Men assholes? No more kissin' China's ass? I'm out. [gets out of the car and leaves] [stops and turns around] I'm never workin' for a company that's regulated by a communist government! Then say it! Say "Fuck the Chinese government!" I didn't hear you! ...Well... you just got your partner back.  You know what the problem is? It's the schwag. All those stands and seeds, they just go to waste, man. It's like, we sell all the good parts of the weed, but we throw away, like, tons and tons of all the leftover shit. You can sell that crap as mulch to a hardware company. Even if we only get 10 cents a pound, we have like a million pounds of it. Yeah, I'll take some onion rings.  Best burgers I ever had. You sell hamburgers here. Did you find anyone else to take 'em? What?! How are we gonna do that? Yeee-haw!  That's awful, Randy. I'm sorry. No, you're right You're totally right. The Halloween Special? Oh it's ready. Yeah, it's right over here.  Yeah, it's basically a hybrid of our Tegridy Gold and Colorado Kush. Turned out really great, I think. Yeah, it's smooth.  Randy, quick! You gotta come see! Look! You don't understand! The special! Well, it's a miracle!  Whatever your daughter threw on this shit made it more powerful than ever! Yeah! Yeah, that'll work well. All right, here you go, guys.  That's a promotional gift from Tegridy Farms. Wow, we're almost out, Randy. I gotta go to the barn and get some more. Jimmy crack corn and I don't care. Jimmy crack-  There's somethin' in the barn! The thing you killed! It wants revenge!  It's dead because o'you! And now it wants your soul! Somebody help us! Help! somebody help us! I wanna live! Get them of of me! Help! sombody help us! Look, I'm sorry, Randy, but marijuana just doesn't grow in the cold.  I have lots of left-over Mexican Joker. Okay, so how about we combine- what's left of the Mexican Joker with some of the Season Finale? What's wrong? I know. I know. I can't print labels fast enough. What are you talking about? What are we gonna do? Good day, children. My name is Jeff. We know you've been separated from your families. But we want you to get a little excited about the fun we have in store for you. Everyone, please take your own piece of aluminum foil. What?! How did a Jew get in here? Oh boy, we've gotta get this kid out of here.  People might think we're racist. Sorry for our little mistake. We're goin' to get you on your way home as soon as we can. Hey. When it's raining, you gotta roll up the windows. We understand these things are hard for your people. What do you mean? Yes. Correct. Which one of them do you think is Mexican Joker? Hey David, can I talk to you alone, please. Excuse us, kid.  Now then, the most important thing is that we've got to keep this quiet! We can't let Mexican Joker know that we're onto him. Now, listen: that's just what he wants us to do. Im saying, what if he's on Mexican Joker's side?  Kids, let's all say hi to Princess Star! Oh no! Everyone boo Mexican Joker, kids! Boooo! Boo! That's enough, Mexican Joker! Your rage and your anger have made you a bad person in the eyes of Christ. I know your life was hard as a kid, but everyone has hard times.   Another busload? Oh, criminy! Welcome, children. My name is Jeff. Hey. Hey! What the hell are you guys doin'?! Are you guys completely stupid?! We can't perform shock therapy on every child that comes in here! Think of the budgetary restraints! What if this IS the flashback?! We might be IN the flashback, Dave! Maybe you're shocking the child that grows up to be Mexican Joker!  We can't fight this guy alone, Dave. It's time to alert the military. Oh shit, it's the flashback! It's the flashback! Come on! Something must be happening with the kids!  Oh Christ, look! He's converting them all to Judaism! Oh Jesus, they're all Jews with their little aluminum foil yarmulkes! Hey, that's right. It is.   Nobody here is Mexican Joker? Oh, then I'm in the wrong flashback.  Welcome, everyone. My name is Jeff. We're thrilled you've come to help out and adopt. The parents of the children inside have all been deported, but the kids are legal citizens, since they were born in the United States.  Mr. and Mrs. White? We've all heard about your tragic loss. I'd love to help out however I can. Is there something specific you're looking for? Well, we've got all kinds here, depending on your preferences.  Here's a little Panamanian. They're very clean. This is a Colombian shorthair. Oh, and this is a good one. This is a Baja shepherd. Bien, gracias. ¿Y tú?  Yes, they're pretty silly-looking. Great with kids though. Oh, why, this is a purebred Mexican. He's had all his shots; parents were deported two weeks ago. Here, we can let him run around a little bit.  Bien, gracias. ¿Y tú?  We're so glad you came back, Mr. and Mrs. White. We have even more kids now whose parents have been deported. Oh, here's a good one. Four years old, parents just deported yesterday. He's a Panamanian podengo pequeño. We could see how he gets along with the kids.  Buenos días, niños. Me llamo Jefe.  Tu familia no está aquí, Es triste. Tu kri. Tu kri.  Aquí es mervilosa! Divértida!  Papél de aluminió, por favor.  Broflovski - is, is that an El Salvadorean name?  Yeah! But... Doesn't Mexican Joker understand that we're just doing our job and making America great? Well, what would Mexican Joker- I don't wanna be part of a bad guy flashback scene. Maybe we should get kids out of here. What are you saying? Hi, Princess Star. Boooo! Hola niños, me llamo Jefe...  Oh, hey Jeff. Rodgers read an article about how electroshock therapy can help people who've gone through traumatic experiences. We figured some treatments could help Mexican Joker deal with his trauma. To hell with the costs, Jeff! If Mexican Joker doesn't have flashbacks, then he doesn't grow up to be a monster!  Oh God! I don't know which way is up anymore! This is the flashback?! Jeff, you know what this means? Now we'll have to let them all go! This is how Mexican Joker breaks free! A beautiful morning in Morrison, Colorado as we get ready for the 6th Annual Strong Woman Competition, a two-day long competition of tests built to push athletes to their very limits.  Ms. Woman, do you feel ready?  Now, this is the first year that a trans woman is in the competition. How do you feel about that? Uh huh, and uh have you ever actually met Heather Swanson? She's not exactly your average trans athlete. Okay, Heather Swanson is actually joining us now. Ms. Swanson, how does it feel to be competing today?  And is it correct you just started identifying as female two weeks ago? David Perry! Any words for the challenger, Ms. Woman? Well, with that let's get right to the action. All new kids, el nombre . Line up and announce when your name is read. Martinez! Aguilar? Broflovski? Aquí.  Aquí.  Yeah, that's why I'm here too. Yeah. I want vegan food. We have a right to free speech. That's not fair! Young voices matter! Oh, we're not here for a tour, we represent a billion-dollar marijuana company. You seem to be fighting the same fight we are. We just wanna help you.  Ever heard of Med Men? Well, we have a common problem.  Homegrown weed. We're glad you agree.   Babies drowning in irrigation and such. My name is Princess Star, for I shine like all the stars in the night sky. But Mexican Joker, you forget the magic word: Forgiveness.  But you are a migrant from another country. We had to protect our borders and secure our jobs. Oh no, no, what about forgiveness? Ha ha ha haa! It's me, Mexican Jokerrrrr! I'm filled with anger and rage for what happened to me as a child! So now I will kill and rape you all! I don't care about forgiveness! I don't care! I'm going to rape you now!  No forgiveness!  Another busload comin' in. Hey, are you gonna buy a towel or just stare at them? Go on! Get out of here!   I enjoy growin' my own weed now. My own weed. I enjoy growin' my own weed. My own weed. I'll grow my own weed. Well, that's true. There are enough artists in the world. What the hell's goin' on? There's like a... chain blocking the liquor aisle. What the hell? It's Christmas, damnit! What are we supposed to drink? No! Not you too?? Hey, come on, guys. It's still Christmas, and we have to make the best of it. How about we all drive around a little? That was a great dinner, honey. Hey! How about I cut us down some of our homegrown weed and we get baked? Is someone there?  What do you wanna do for dessert? I'm in.  Jack? Everything alright? JAACK!  Yeah. You want a normal size, or a big fatty?  Aa- A brutal act of terror in an American town. Tonight, innocent people were attacked at their homes, in their yards, and the FBI believes they know who is responsible. The probable suspect?  Uhuh. Yeah, that's right. Joining me now is Commander Miller of National Defense. Waa huhaugh. Aaagh. Oohh! Uh, look. Captain, uh... Captain, what made Mexican Joker this way? Why is Mexican Joker so... filled with hate? It has become the most popular burger in Colorado. The plant-based Tegridy Burger is changing the way people think about food.  All over the state, people are turning vegan and eating more ethical sustainable meat. We've only recently learned of Mexican Joker's existence. He has no reason. He has no compassion. Mexican Joker simply wants to invoke fear. We are advising people to stay inside! Well, it's most likely something that happened to him as a child. Whatever bent Mexican Joker's mind this way, it clearly happened a... long... a long time ago.  Shema Israel Adonai Eloheinu, Adonai ehad.  Fine. You're a towel.  What is it, Randy? Tomorrow? Ugh!  Randy, are you forgetting about this Saturday? Autumnfest? Stan's concert? He and his little friends have been rehearsing all week. A lot of people in town are coming out to support him. Everyone but you? Hi, Stanley!  Shots?! How much did you spend making that commercial? Nobody cares about your stupid $300,000! We've become the kind of business that we moved out here to get away from! You know why the Chinese buy our weed?! It's to plant on their student protesters so they can put them in jail! You don't care how anyone else feels! We bought this farm together, Randy! Or did you forget that?!  If you don't make commercials or do more parades for the town, we'd have more money. Shelly hasn't come out of her room in two days.  You know why, Randy. It's 8:15 am. November 3rd. No, Randy. Only you did. Kids, I have something to tell you, but I don't want you to be scared, okay? Daddy is... in police custody until there's a hearing. He could be in jail for a long time. It could be, sweetheart. We don't know. Of course it's possible, honey We probably have to sell the farm and move, back to town, and, sort of, live our lives without the marijuana business and without daddy.  Juts... try to stay hopeful, kids. Okay, you too, Shelly. Sheila, Gerald, hi. Oh that's so sweet, thank you. Other families have brought some stuff too. Come on in.  No running in the house, you little turkeys.  Oh, yeah. You know, just too painful. You know, they remind me of Randy. That's why I took Randy's pictures as well, because, you know, they remind me of Randy. Yeah, I've kind of made a list of all the things I might do. It's kind of a long list. Yeah. Okay, that was the South Park Soundaroos! Thanks again to Kate and Earl! Alright, up next we have four of our local South Park fourth graders who have formed a band. Let's hear it for Stan Marsh and Crimson Dawn.  Mr. Marsh, do you remember a few weeks ago when homes in South Park were attacked by a terrorist called Mexican Joker? Alright, everyone! Are we enjoying the festivities?!   Oh, Butters! Oh, aren't they cute?  I was just gonna ask you the same thing. Mine's all gone. You had another bander last night, didn't you? Alright, f-f-f-fellas, just like we rehearsed it. And-a 1, and-a 2, and -a  You manage the PC Babies? Holy smokes, fellas, they're huge! But he already asked me to play the drums The the the what?  Yeah. Isn't this just great? Fella, I need to tell you something. I think I'm homosexual. And also, I'm addicted to cocaine. Yeah, tell him, Stan! Yeah. It' like China is the new MPAA. That girl is pretty fly. As soon as she said she watches Mandalorian, it gave me a little boner. If you wanna be with a new girl, you're gonna have some stiff competition. Get it? Stiff? C-, c-, c-, c-, competition.  I'm trying, but... something's wrong with the TV. Oh. Hey, Sophie. Sure. Come on in.  Hey, look who's here, fellas. It's Sophie. Uh hi, Muh my name is Jimmy. I-I'm the most sorriest, So-Sophie. Yeah. It's like someone came and took all their Christmas ssssspirit. It's weird, though. My parents have a lot of holiday spirit, but they sleep until three in the afternoon every day. <poem><i>Get me off this farm!</i></poem> Who are you? Wow wee! Yeah. As a matter of fact, two and a half, three weeks ago, I'd say. Yeah, and then Stan came to me, and then I said "Well I can play the drums." Well, so yeah, I, okay, I'll play guitar. Well, I always liked Winnie the Pooh. Yeah. And, we're gonna be rich. Oh, that's okay, Jimmy. Yeah! And what's wrong with homosexuality anyway?! So there's not gonna be a biopic movie for us? Stinks to say goodbye to all that biopic money and glory. Yeah! Whatever it is, I got it too! So then I guess the school said Eric can't come here no more, and so he's been, like, kicked out. Yeah, and he was actually kind of upset about it, because he said on the phone that he has to do homeschooling with this really mean teacher. Yeah, it's the best. But, but this is Sloppy Joe day. The girls? Yeah, it's supposed to be sloppy Joe day! It's okay, Eric. I- Eric, Eric! Eric, Eric? Comin' through! Make way!  The protesters are tryin' to kill Eric again, Mr. Mackey. I looove barbecue rib day. You gotta calm down, Eric. Remember your condition, Eric. Okay. that's it, Eric. Eric! Somebody help!  ...Teacher?   Eric, I. I just hate lying to you. I mean, you've been in the hospital. Twice. I feel guilty. It's our lunches, Eric. It's... Incredible Meat. No, Eric. See, there was this guy. He's a goo man.   Oh, God, Eric! What are you gonna do?!  Oh, God. Someone's gonna die.  One minute, Dad! Archeologist Butters just needs to get his stamp and sticker for his autograph book.  Aha! another rare find! Well wait wait, we can't leave yet! I got all the stickers and tamps except for one! Can I just check around one last time? Well o-kay! Been there... Saw that... Where's that stupid last sticker stamp?  Whoa...  But this is my last one!  Happy Halloween, Mister! M-Mon?  Why thank you. Thank you. I... actually already have a Fitbit, but I could- I could give this one to a friend.  Yes sir? what... happened in town?  Oh, uh, a mummy, huh? That's, that's weird. What?? The mummy talked to you?? There was no argument. I just said I already had it and I'd give it to a friend. I, I just goh- No! I didn't throw the mummy out of the house! The mummy got all pissed off at me and left!  But I didn't do anything wrong! Okay, look officers, I think  I'm under some kind of curse. ...and that's all that happened. I put that stamp in the sticker book, and now this mummy is destroying everything around me. I need help. Wuh-what, what do you mean? Wait. The mummy talked to you, too? Why is it talking to everyone?! No it doesn't! This is crazy! First of all, I don't have fun at school! And secondly... the mummy can do whatever it wants; I don't care! I have to end this curse, fellas. It's getting worse every day. Last night the mummy attacked my parents, and it said I was being narcissistic. It has no reason. No logic! One minute it's destroying everything, and the next it's sending me selfies like nothing ever happened. Look!  This whole thing is so crazy it's starting to make me think I'm crazy!  It's a freaking mummy! Wouldn't you talk about it?! I would love that, but I don't have a choice! I swear, you guys. Mummies can smell fun! Whenever I'm somewhere, and I actually start havin' a good time, I get a call or a text from the mummy sayin' "Hey, what are you doin'?" Like it knows. Yeah. It is fun to get away and just talk to you guys.  What are you in for? I'm in here because *apparently* I'm a passive-aggressive controlling and manipulative psychopath whose narcissitic behavior drives other people crazy. So I said, "Okay, fine. You don't ever do anything wrong! It's all me! You've got no problems, only I have problems! Alright, uh I'll lock my own ass up! Then we'll see who's got issues!" I'll be in here, and something will go horribly wrong tonight, and then the monster will have to accept what it is, and finally work on changing, right?  The mummy! I told you! I'm...  I'm sorry? I'm so sorry. You're right. I can be selfish and narcissistic. Ah I'm gonna work on myself and... and try to make this curse work somehow.  Oh Jeez. We should have never played football that close to the road. Wu-where are you going, Eric?  No sir! Okay. I jump up to the bugbear! And I yell "FOR WATERDEEP!" and I kick it in the balls! In D&D they killed the dungeon master.  Well we didn't even think it was possible to kill the dungeon master. Hey, that's not a bad idea. We've been taking it easy on the girls. Time to show 'em what real board gamers play.  Wow, Scott. I didn't know it was that bad.  Uh hey, fellas! Come quick! You gotta see! Well, it's the girls! They started their own board game club at the school!   Well this is like what you said Dice Studz would be, Eric. Well they just gotta get their Christmas spirits back. They just gotta. I'm sorry, Santa, I just can't think of anything I want this year. Well I guess maybe now I'm losing my Christmas Spirit. Neah. Mandalorian was great the first few episodes, but it's really fallin' apart lately.  Yeah, that's a little too much holiday spirit, if you ask me. Uhn, no, not really. Uh, I work for a clothing company. We're trying to break into the market and get the Chinese people as customers. Huh? So what? Hehey, Mitchell, you're on this flight? Heh, yeah, I'm still with the NBA doing some press with the players to try to... get more Chinese viewers. Yeah, that's so funny! I'm working for Google now, overseeing the expansions into the Chinese user base.  I hear you guys play at Autumnfest. I really like your sound. Well I'm a producer. I manage all the big rock bands in South Park. PC Babies... All of them!. Records? What, are you, kids, from the '90s!? There's no money in albums or singles or even tours anymore. What we need to focus on... is your biopic. PC Babies' biopic came out last week. Made over $100 million! Well I'll just let you guys think on it, but don't take too long, huh? What makes a band truly great? It's the desire to be heard, and a commitment to a three-act structure that has a 20-minute setup, about an hour and a half of conflict, and a big, triumphant resolution. SO, let's start at the beginning, gang. When did your band first form? That's good, that's good.  "Lost a close friend. Put loneliness into lyrics."  "Inner conflict over direction of band." Good. Oh no oh OH oh yeah, no no, we don't wanna go there. Talking about the Dalai Lama doesn't go over well with the Chinese. Look, for this movie to really make money, we need to make sure it clears the Chinese censors, you know. We want those Chinese viewers.. Oh it's okay, there's plenty of other things to talk about with your story. How about, uh, what kind of things were you into when you were younger? Okay-oh no. Nonono, that's definitely off-limits. Winnie the Pooh is illegal in China because some Chinese students said that he looked like the Chinese president, Hey, you wanna move away from your family, right? You wanna be successful on your own, right? All right. Well, you know what they say you gotta lower your ideals of freedom if you wanna suck on the warm teat of China. Cut! Cut! Listen, guys, we uh just got word back from the Chinese censors. They don't want us mentioning organ transplants. Well, they've been accused of harvesting from the-look look, it doesn't matter. They, they just said "no" to the organ stuff. Oh, and uhh, no homosexuality either. Nothing. Unless you wanna make money in China. Now come on! Everyone back to one! Cut! Cut! Cut, cut.  Ah kids, let's not say anything about this being a free country. Hey! These guys were nice enough to come all the way from China to help us with our standards. We can at least listen to their notes.  Actually gang, we need to rewrite the whole second act. Come on, guys! Everyone else is fine with China approving our entertainment. Even the PC Babies don't seem to mind, and PC Babies cry about everything.  They just gotta rewrite the script before we continue shooting. Go back to your room and just write your story. It has to come from your heart. No, it's good, kids! They're loving it! (What do ya think, Stan?) (They're the same thing.) (Yeah. He'll do anything.)  (TO-MORROW!) Got it.   She's not flushing. [thinking, "Why did I agree to this? I don't even have a machine to play Fallen Order on."]  谢谢。下一位。 What is this, sir? 保安，保安！赶紧过来！ 等一下，你看看这个。 不要！求求你放过我吧！不要，不要，求求你...  Oh, hello there. Nobody. Just a bear.  I was wondering since you're new if you might have... some honey? Some people said Pooh looked like the Chinese p-p-p-president, so we're illegal in China now. My Goodness, Pooh. China sure is a big p-p-p-p-place.   我求你原谅我。我是个很烂的人。我再也不会取笑共产党了。 不要！我求你不要！我不能再回去了，我不能再回去！ 你为你的国家和家人为耻。再补上十年！ 快把下一位带进来！  All right?! Who's the asshole?! Which one of you decided to go and start badmouthing the Chinese government?! Haha. Who here thought they had permission to say anything critical of Chinese politics?! Well, it is true, sir. The Chinese seem to exploit their own people in forced labor cam- SHUT THE FUCK UP, THOR! You're here to flex and not speak, you fucking bitch! YOU are a fat diabetic bear, and if the Chinese don't want you, then I don't either! Now, who the fuck is Mr. Marsh?! Who is this?! I don't know you?! Are you from Pixar?! What's ''South Park''? Do I own that?! You're telling me, haha, that I'm losing Chinese customers because of some shithead that's not even from MY company?! It's like, it's like they didn't even wanna listen. It's the bear. They're still pissed off about the bear. 'Cause some Chinese people on the Internet starting posting pictures of their President as Winnie the Pooh. It's a real thing. Look it up.  Man, this is really good shit. Please, Mr. Marsh was only standing up for me and Piglet because we were political prisoners. Yes, Piglet. It is. Too big, I think, to find what I need.  Excuse me. Would you happen to have... some honey? Oh bother. This just doesn't seem to be the place... for a bear. Ooo, Piglet! What wonderful luck!   Oh, hello there. Would you like to die? Oh. I'm really going to enjoy eating your brains.  No, not yet sir. 嗯？这是什么？！你给中国人丢脸啊！ 嗯？这是什么？！ Huh? 啊！我不要麻烦！我不要麻烦！走！ Yeah! Us Chinese people have always liked things the old fashioned way. We like things a little simpler, a little quieter. And now, there's a new weed that goes along with China's beating heart. Because after a hard day of forced labor, or getting beaten for criticizing the government, we all could use a little time with some good ol'... It's the soul of the American West, right here in mother China. All hail the Communist Party, and all hail Tegridy weed. If you're watching this video, then your mom probably had a fecal transplant.  People make fun of what they don't understand.  It's teeming with life. Bacteria and other organisms. They also live on your clothes. Small organisms are everywhere. Now, scratch your balls.  Your microbiome. Creatures live in your teeth. They live on your eyelashes. On your skin. And trillions and trillions live inside your body.   Ugh! You're living the dream. This is your dream! I hate marijuana!   What?! No! I'm not helping you with your stupid blow.  Eric, you have to be a big boy. Good boy, Eric!  I'm sorry, PC Principal. It's just that my little Eric really doesn't like shots. No no, you don't understand. I-I've taken him to the doctor every Friday for the past four years. They try to give him his shot, but he gets scared and runs around. and he squeals like a little pig. The doctors try to catch him, but Eric greases himself up so they can't.  Please! I've tried everything! You have to let Eric go to school! I work all day, and without school, he'll just... he'll just have nothing! Ih- if you could offer Eric something. Uhm, sometimes when Eric behaves this way, I think of a gift or a treat of some kind. I don't know. Oh, w-would that be possible? Eric, you really have to do it this time, okay? When we're at the doctor's you can't change your mind.  Come on, Eric, we're going home!    ''One toy'', Eric! I'm sorry. It's just my strong, personal belief that  "among other things, vaccines contain harmful ingredients formaldehyde, aluminum, and even mercury." Yes, yes, I know, but...  "We can't even risk a 0.1% chance of vaccinations making our children artistic."  You try it! Don't you people criticize me until you've taken Eric to the doctor and you've tried to hold him down! I'm a good mother! Don't you dare question if I care about my child!  You don't understand how hard it is! [coming down the stairs] Oh, I don't know if I can go through with this. My little Eric is going to be so mad at me! Did you bring his boo-boo present? Eric, there's a big treat for you if you stay still! Eric! Oh!  Oh, Eric. I... wasn't sure if you'd be up yet.  Eric, you know I only want what's best for my snookums. It was supposed to make it easier on you, a-and they didn't catch you anyway. Eric, please! You don't know how hard it is to be a parent! Sometimes we don't know the right thing to do! Eric, when I was at the store, I bought you some Little Debbie creme pies and- Sweetie, you can't live on your own. Hello, Randy. I'm... sorry to trouble you, but... I don't know where to turn. I was hoping maybe... I could buy some gumdrops. My son.. hates me. The whole town... hates me. Nobody thinks I'm a good mom,  and I don't know if I am anymore! It all happened gradually, you know?  I know immunizations are probably for the best,  and, I don't know, it's scary. It doesn't matter. They're having an all-county mandated immunization roundup tonight. Any child not immunized is about to be. I know, Randy. Other parents expect me to deal with Eric- ...I understand. Yes, I do. Randy, we both tried to do the best for our family.  And sometimes, when we're afraid of being judged, we can push our family away. You should just feel lucky that you have a partner in doing what's right for your family. Thanks for the talk, Randy. And for the weed. [turns and goes to the barn entrance.]   Get out of my way! Move it! Leave my son a  AHHHH!   No, Eric! No shots, no toy!  Eric... You must have something you can give us. This can't be happening.   Big boys get a toy from the toy chest.  Eric, it's just a little prick.  Eric, I've been speaking with your mother. I'm afraid there's some bad news. Your mother received a heavy dose of vaccine that wasn't meant for an adult. I'm afraid there have been... side effects. What exactly are your symptoms? Sounds like you haven't had access to marijuana for a while, now reality is setting in. Well maybe they shouldn't go away. Maybe this is your wake-up call that you've been abusing drugs, and need to face all your wrongdoings, try to turn your life around. That's not going to work, Mr. Marsh. You're not the President of the United States. Our school now has a very strict policy when it comes to immunizations. Everyone has to follow the protocol, or it puts everyone at risk. Well, Eric, nobody likes shots. They're just a fact of life. I'm sorry, but my hands are tied here. If Eric isn't immunized, then he cannot go to this school. What do you think's gonna be different next time you try? Like, what are you thinking? What I care most about is the safety of the students, so if you take your shots, then I'll agree.. Alright everyone, listen up.  I understand your frustration, but a government organization like a school cannot impose its will on a conscientious objector.. Alright everyone, listen up! As you know, there are several students protesting the school menu. But there are other students who are voicing their concerns against changes. Eric Cartman is still recovering in the hospital, we all wish him well.  Alright everyone, listen up. Halloween has almost arrived and I wanna make sure that we are all aware of certain guidelines when it comes to Halloween costumes at school. Now, I don't wanna see any FUCKING SOMBREROS! Alright, if I see any fucking Mexican sombreros, or anyone fucking dressed like a fucking Native American, I'm gonna lose my fuckin' shit! There will be no hobos, or bums, anything depicting people from low-income households. And lastly, heed my fuckin' words. If I see any of you girls dressed as fucking Moana, I'm gonna lose my fucking mind! Alright now, the student book fair is coming up next week. We encourage all students to be able to-  Yeah! Who's strong? Who's Strong Woman? You're gonna smoke the competition! Kids, kids. Okay, what the matter? They don't like Mulan? Okay, okay, we know!  Alright everybody, listen up! As you know, this school is a place where everyone should feel included. Our challenge is to motivate ourselves and others to create an inviting, non-negative and HEY STOTCH, YOU GOT A FUCKING PROBLEM?!  Now I think that what we all need are leaders who motivate by example, and so I would like to inform you all that your vice-principal  Or those who identify as girls. So, second place. That's pretty damn good. I guess she... just started identifying as a woman a few weeks ago. Doesn't really seem.., fair... I'll get it.  Uh, she's sort of busy right now, Ms. Swanson. Yeah, you already told her that at the competition. Look, why don't you just get out of here?! Don't you dare! I'm trans people's biggest supporter! What I think you are is a terrible sport! You'd better knock it off! And if you dare call me transphobe again, I'm gonna- Are you feeling what I'm feeling? I don't know what it is, but... something about that woman just doesn't seem right. Hey, don't let her get to you, Strong. I, I-I don't know why she has such a grudge against you, and I-  What do you mean? ... What? But then... she doesn't really care about trans people? Or women? I didn't even know people like that existed.  Alright. Alright, that's enough. You uh, you made your point, Heather. We get it, okay? Look, everyone, I know we're all a little... afraid to have any opinions on this stuff, but um, there can be situations where it's... not so easy... to... what I mean is, I... Yeah, no shit, 'cause you went through puberty as a male, so your body's completely different!  I told you not to call me a transphobe! All I want is to have a discussion. Aw, shit. A conscientious objector? Here he comes.  Well, you're kinda havin' fun now, aren't you? Yeah. I don't quite see how it's fair that all the rest of our community agrees to this. Why does one family get to have a problem with it? Hey, what's this white stuff on the top? You can't find yours either?? My wife's been searching all morning.  Oh, shit. It'll just be for a second! Catch him!  Christmas. Woo-oo-ooo. [shown] This is Big Mesquite Murph. How can I help you? You say you got yourself a conscientious objector? Well, you just sit tight. There aren't never no hog that Big Mesquite Murph couldn't catch.  Yeeee-haaww!  I ain't never seen no hog like that. It's like it could in two places at once. Well I did catch him! Got him locked up in a pen! It's just every time I bring out that needle, he becomes like a hog tornado! But I'll get 'im!  Don't you question me. If anyone believes the most common side effect of vaccines, anaprophylaxis, occurs in only 1 per several hundred thousand to one per million vaccinations, it's Big Mesquite Murph! Now this hog you got here, he's contained, but now I need help getting him his shots. The only way we're gonna get him, is we gotta build a big enclosed pen, about a hundred feet in diameter. I'm also gonna need the best wranglers flown in from Wichita. And I'm gonna need some loud music, and some barbecue.  WHAT WE'VE GOT. Yeah. Or maybe you just believe a little bit that vaccinations shouldn't be mandated for school attendance due to possible still-unknown side effects. Son of a bitch! People... they need some holiday spirit. Good evenin' everybody, and welcome to the CDC Child Immunization Challenge. This here special event is sponsored by Voices for Vaccines and also by Chevy. So with all that out the way, let's get to some action!  And there they go!  He stuck him in the left buttocks; that is an 8.7 score right there.  All right, and that is Dr. Chet Mowlins that just gave that girl her DTaP booster  There he goes, folks. Dear Lord, he's a slippery one. Dear Lord, we are going on 16 minutes here and ain't nobody caught this young'un. This might very well be a world record you're seeing here, folks. Oh, looks like we got a concerned parent in there trying to take issue with their child's well-being.  Now taking pre-orders for Season 2. And now, back to Women In Sports, with Janet Spears. And now back to "One For The Ladies." And now back to "One For The Ladies." You're watching Canada Ploos. Your source for all Canadian entertainment. Which Canadian program would you like to watch?  You're watching Canada Ploos.  You're watching Crab People on HBO Max. Now, back to the Tegridy Farms Christmas Special. No! Nooo-  No! Nooo-  OHHHH!  Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up!  What?? I hate marijuana. What do you want? I hate marijuana! It stinks, and it makes everyone in this town dumber than they already are! Yes, everyone knows Snoop Dogg is a stupid pothead! Serena Williams No she's not! Everyone in this country is getting dumber, and I wish Marijuana was illegal again! Is this why you brought me here? You said you wanted a special day with just your daughter. You said a father-daughter day at the museum could help us connect. I don't care if Egyptians used stupid pot!  Furniture polish, paint thinner and bleach.<br>Ammonia and antifreeze. One tablespoon each.<br>I hate everybody, I just like to read.<br>Everyone's stupid. They smoke too much weed.<br>So with this eldritch potion and these ancient words<br>I make my revenge upon all the turds.<br> That's what I think of your stupid special!  Dad, you have to drive me to the book fair. Mom said you have to drive me because she's taking Stan trick-or-treating. Yes. Yes!  You're my dad, drive me to the book fair! The last thing people in this town need is more marijuana!  You're such a piece of shit, Dad! Will you SHUT UP? Probably not.  Do you promise? Is it possible he could get out of it? Egh!  Okay, Mom. You too. I love lasagnaaa.  The season is over? <poem><i> '''' It's Sloppy Joe day!</i></poem> <poem><i> '''' Sloppy Joe day! It's Sloppy Joe day! </i></poem> Come on, keep the line moving, kids!  That's today's lunch. It's "feesh." Yeah? Well, the menu's been changed. We had kids complainin' our food wasn't healthy or sustainable enough, so don't you start bitchin' about it now. They're... Incredible Beef... tacos. We asked for healthier options and to sometimes have food for those of us who don't eat red meat. Everyone? Everyone, can I have your attention, please?  Look, guys. We're supposed to be the young generation, right? We're the ones upset about the world our parents left us. The millions and millions of cows and pigs and chickens that we harvest every year </i> are a huge reason for climate change. Without sustainable and ethical food choices now, we're proving to be no d- Clear!  Clear!  We got him back! We got him back! Welcome to Burger King. Can I take your order? It's a plant-based burger, sir. No, sir. It's completely vegan, but it's engineered to replicate the taste and texture of beef. They're very popular, sir. A lot of people care about the environment and sustainability. So that's one Whopper, one order of chicken strings, and a medium beverage. Is there any-?  Uh okay, that'll be fift- Excuse me one moment.   Hey, what are you doing? You can't sell hamburgers here! This is a Burger King! Hey! Now look, buddy! I'm not gonna lose customers because of YOU!  We have plant-based burgers inside as well! Come try our Impossible Burger. STOP that! You gotta be kidding me! It's not the town's only plant-based burger joint!  It's Rick. You're out of the hospital? Dude, our parents seem really bummed out. Yeah. Last night, my mom had a ton of holiday spirit and then passed out. She hasn't gone to buy me any presents. Oh, give me a break!  It's not just girls who wanna change the menu, it's boys too! Doesn't it matter we're being silenced?! Yeah, but eating this kind of food makes us all just as guilty. It is up to us, as students, to protest for change. Hey guys.  Okay, I cast Vampiric Touch on the druid.  Hey guys. Hope it's cool we brought Kelly. She wants to be in the club too. Yeah, we saw it on the schedule. We watch YouTube tutorials. You can find a much on BGG. Oh cool. We just watched the tutorial for that on Dice Tower.   that area. Yeah, we get advanced copies of games because our club reviews them for our gaming channel.  Yeah, but I bet you can't beat Tammy at War of the Ring. Okay, so then let's do it, bitch! A lot of students are protesting! This is seriously as good or better than a real hamburger. Can I get a couple more to take to work? Hello, children. I want to thank you and I want to thank your fine principal for hearing me out. I take plants, and I process them into goo. I'm a goo man. I have factories all over the country. I have trucks right now loaded with goo that can be here within the week. The goo I speak of can be made into anything. It can be made into tacos. It can be made into hot dogs. And I promise you that none of you students will know the difference. I would very much like to be the plant-based meat vendor for your school. I would like to be the plant-based meat vendor for your town. I'm a simple family man and a vegetarian. I would like the opportunity to make you all vegetarians as well, and I thank you. Welcome City Wok. I take a order prease. Yes. I take a order prease. You mean instead of City Chicken I could have Incredibre City Chicken? You mean instead of City Mongorian Beef I could have Inrcedibry City Mongorian Beef? You're saying now I could have scallops with Incredibry City XO sauce?! Okay, sign me up! Including my wife? Uh, 0 to 1 per day. Yeah, I got no customers now that Tegridy Burger opened up. Everyone want plant-based food now. That why I'm ready you sign me up. Yeah, here you look. Down the brock.  Hey!  Hey, what about my incredibry City chicken? Are you the owner of this restaurant? I'd like to do business with you. Your establishment here is perfect for my plant-based meats. You see, I am a goo man. If you carry my product, Incredible Meats, we can put the word Incredible before all of your dishes. That is correct. That's right. That is most excellent.  Now, how many customers, on avarage, do you have per day?  That's it? What is Tegridy Burger? Is that so?!  I've been in your town a little while now. What I see is a community that is ready for change. You see, I am a goo man.  This my new regional manager, H.W.   So, that it can be eaten by people who eat crappy food anyway -- from coast to coast. But you see, it doesn't work unless I own all the crappy food places. Mr. Rancher?  Have you done what I've asked you to do?  Well if you don't mind boys, I have work to tend to. What'r you doin' you sonofabitch? I'm the biggest cattle rancher in South Park. I made ma livin' 62-odd years before you fancy plant growers done showed up and put me out of a job! I got 300 cows that the world suddenly decided they got no use fer! What am I supposed to do with them?! Put them in a zoo?! What they gonna do now? Go start some cow circus?! Go make some cow TV show?! You are single-handedly making cows extinct! You got a plan for 'em all? Fine!  Yeah, don't worry. He cares about the environment, so he could figure out what to do with you. No, fuck you, sumbitch! They're your problem now! It's all done, sir. You'll have everything you need. It's Salis- AAAAA! Help! Somebody help us! Get them off of me! Waugh!  Somebody help us! Y-Yes sir. Mr. Goo Man?   Uh-huh, and, Mr. Marsh, what about  the student protests coming out against your burger right now?! Students are coming forward, saying that Tegridy Farms is unethical and hypocritical. We warn you, the following footage is graphic.   Mr. Marsh, what do you have to say about these images?   That's right! Tegridy Burger is a fraud! We caught their farm on camera. Just take a look! What you're seeing here are original knots which were joined in the main pieces of the Khufu boat. The cedar timbers of the boat's hull were lashed together with hemp rope, a technique used until- Well yes. In fact, it's been found that cannabis was used by Egyptians for its medical properties as well.  That's the mummy of Took-tan Ra. You don't wanna put that stamp in your sticker book. Nobody puts that stamp in their sticker book. It's got a curse on it. Ancient love cure not fit for any child. You can look at the mummy all you like, but... you don't want that stamp... in your sticker book.  For some of us, maybe. Huh?! Butters Stotch? We want to ask you some questions about what happened in town last night. Oh, you just think that's weird? Because the mummy said you two got in some kind of altercation last night. A present that the mummy got for you? You can see how that could be pretty hurtful. You're gonna have to share in the damages here, son. You got a summons to appear in court. Until then I just suggest you and the mummy stay away from each other.  Alright, there you go.  Detective Harris! Something's going down at the Marsh farm!  It says, "I hope you can get the help you need. I can't fix you" People were attacked by an ancient Egyptian mummy. It killed five people and destroyed everything it could. Is it true, sir, that you and the mummy  "got into an argument over a gift you didn't seem to appreciate"? Did you throw the mummy out of your house? Well that's what the mummy told us about you. Calm down, sir! I can't understand you! What does her mother have to say about this? Put him on speaker.  This is it, everyone! Let's move! All hands on deck! We've gotta take these monsters down!   Alright, men, let's take thee monsters out! Alright, that's it everyone! Nothin' to see here. Just some people who are really, really high.  You were so convinced the mummy was to blame for everything, weren't you? So convinced you made us all believe it too. Yeah, well it's not us ...you really need to be sorry to.  Hey, trick or treat. We're here for the Halloween Special? No, I meant I- I don't feel so good.  Alright.  Hey man, what's in this weed?   Aawwwwwwww. I can't shoot anyone? Right. Except there was no Mexican Joker. It was you who blew up people's yards because they were home-growing their own marijuana. The Tweeks have come forward with some footage caught on their security camera. Run the footage, please!  People are fed up, Marsh. The past few weeks you've held parades for yourself, needlessly slaughtered a thousand cows, made deals with the Chinese, and nearly poisoned everyone with your Halloween Special. Everyone's had enough of Tegridy Farms. You'll be taken to county jail to await your trial. Get him out of here.  Well. At least now South Park can start getting back to normal. In the South Park vs. Tegridy Farms matter, we are now ready to proceed with the arraignment. Before doing so, Mr. Marsh, do you have any words? , everyone. We hope your and your loved ones enjoy all your favorite holiday traditions.  Nobody's out shopping. The town is dead. Our economy depends on the holidays. There's only one thing we can do. We're going to have to ask an old friend for help... and hope that he somehow forgives us. Mr. Marsh, South Park needs you. Everyone's down in the dumps. Nobody's buying presents or going to holiday events. We think that... a little weed might put everyone in a better mood. We understand, but couldn't you do like a limited-edition run just to get people through the holidays? Yes. South Park needs Tegridy Farms. I'll tell you how.  Because you're Randy Marsh, and there's one thing you have that nobody else does. Tegridy. Thank you, Marsh. May God bless Tegridy Farms. We need to talk, Marsh!  , what exactly is in this Christmas snow? Nonono, what is the white stuff on the marijuana? WHAT??? What is wrong with you?!  We can't have you selling this stuff in town! COCAINE IS ILLEGAL! Jesus Christ, you can't just give people coke without them knowing! We could all go to prison! It- it is?   Dude, I'm open!  Yes. We can't sell liquor during the holidays. Somebody got a new county ordinance passed. You gotta just drink what ya have at your house. Little Jason White was a happy child. A playful child. And ultimately it was his playfulness in sports that got him killed in a freak hit-and-run accident. The father would like to now say a few words.  I'm Robert White, Jason's father, and I can tell you that as a White, Jason lived a challenged life. When I look out on this congregation, I can't help but think, "There's not a whole lot of people here." Doesn't seem like a big deal. Nobody's outraged. 'Cause it was our family. Nobody cares when a White gets killed by the police. There should be protests and marches, but NO. The police killed a White! That's not protest-worthy! Everybody's busy trying to lock up Randy Marsh! Now my wife and I have a dead child and we can't even get any weed to make us feel better! Yeah, don't listen to me. I'm just a White.  Oh, isn't this lovely?  Our son was killed by the police. Would have been nice if somebody had brought us some lasagna. You know, if I'm not mistaken, it almost seems like you people are happy that Tegridy Farms is being indicted. It's almost like you're reveling in it. My wife and I were both Tegridy Plus members! We always believed in Randy Marsh. We believed... in Tegridy. And now there's less Whites. Now there's less Whites.  Yes? Oh, honey. Look at the Peruvian hairless. Hey, what's this little guy? Hello, little fellow. How would you like to be a White?  Yes, it's good us Whites have each other, Alejandro, because... I need to tell you something. You see, now that you're a White, life isn't gonna be so easy. You're gonna find that a lot of people in this world just don't care about the Whites. That's my little White.  Oh, turn it up, honey. Uh, he's absolutely right. Starting tomorrow, the Whites are gonna start actively trying to stop all this trial nonsense. Hey!  Why, he's trying to call Mexico! Alejandro, the Whites do not use mobile devices after 7 pm. The Whites don't call long distance!  Well good job, Alejandro! Now you've upset your mother! Help support Tegridy Farms and Randy Marsh! Randy Marsh has done nothing wrong! Stop the ridiculous persecution!  Good one, honey. Alejandro! There's few enough of us as it is! We're not gonna stop this trial unless all the Whites chip in!  Oh, I know. It just...  he just doesn't seem happy. Maybe if we got him a little thing to take care of and feed he'd understand how much responsibility it is. See one you like, Alejandro? Now that you're a White, you can pick anyone you want. Do you like him, Alejandro? Alright, Alejandro, but you have to take care of him and clean up after him. Yeah.  Now there will be more Whites to stop those needless hearings. Nothing in these hearings will change the Whites' minds one bit! What? Alejandro, what have we told you?! All Whites wear sunscreen! Put it on right now!  ¡BIEN, GRACIAS! ¡¿Y TÚ?!  Alejandro! Get down from there this minute! Uh we c-, we don't know. Maybe we can just go around to the other side. Come on!  Alright listen. Somebody obviously took everyone else's snow and it's not cool! Come on. it's Christmas! What? ...Who? ...Oh okay, sure, put him through. This is the President. Huho, tell me about it. Well, did you tell everyone you didn't do anything wrong? Well, did you then go on the attack and swap the accusations to make yourself a victim? Oh Jeez, DARVO, Randy. Deny, Attack, Reverse Victim and Offender. Alright, let's role-play. You be your accusers and I be you. Okay, go. "No I didn't! Are you joking, you psychopath?! Now you're blowin' up my yard!" Go ahead, try another one. "You damage property to make your business more profitable, you lying sack of shit! I'm not gonna be bullied by you!" See?  It's really not that hard, just takes a little chin wiggle. Do I know any good lawyers? No, but I do know Rudy Giuliani.  The fuck you, Rudy. Are you finished cleaning up those pistachio nuts yet? Listen, Randy, I'm gonna throw you a bone. You just sit tight and I'll have him take care of this. Hehey hey, fuck you! Yeah, that's all of them, Mr. President. Ohhh, this is just a conspiracy. It's conspiracy! And we need everyone out there who, who don't think their voices are heard, to make their voices louder! Hello Mr. Marsh? My name is Mr. Giuliani. I've been sent to try and help you. Oh, that sounds like someone who's a little down in the puss. The President said you would be, and he thought you might need a little something special.  Would this make you feel better?  Is this just what the doctor ordered? Go get 'em! Go, go get 'em! Look, I'm sorry if you don't want to talk about it, but have you thought of what you guys might do if Randy gets put away?  Why? What? What do you mean? We... don't really know. Oh Bob, he's kind of perfect. Well Alejandro, how are you enjoying being a White so far? Bien, gracias. ¿Y tú?  You'll hear about how others in the world are mistreated, but nobody will care when you are. Bob, Alejandro's on your phone and it's past phone use time. Why would he try to call long distance to Mexico? Does he just assume that the Whites have all the money in the world? Jason never tried to use mobile devices after the cutoff time. Jason never tried to call long distance.  Exonerate Tegridy Farms?  Oh yeah! Just ignore us! The Whites are used to it! It's like he doesn't appreciate us, Bob. I mean, we give him a place to live, food, we take care of him. Oh look. I think he likes him. This is a great addition to our family. These hearings are a waste of the taxpayers' money! Quiero a mi papá. Quiero a mi mamá.   Mi familia. ¿Dónde está?  ¡Esa no es mi madre!   Nunca la vas a ver.  ¡Ahhh! ¡No necesito protector solar! ¡Necesito a mi madre y a mi padre!  ¡Alto! ¡Aah! ¡Alto! ¡Te odio! ¡Te odio!  ¡Abajo con Estados Unidos!  Being a White is the hardest thing ever. Daddy! Alejandro isn't ringing his bell! Daddy! Alejandro isn't putting on his sunscreen!  And the President of the United States today called the allegations against Randy Marsh "total, buttfucking bullshit," and claims the neighbors who came forward with the evidence video are "tampon-faced, 69ing whistleblowers." When asked for clarification, the President's lawyer and treasonous pig Rudy Giuliani, had this to say. Bien, gracias. ¿Y tú?  Quiero a mi mamá.  Hey Marsh, you got a visitor.  Tom, I'm standing outside the government building where Randy Marsh is about to be arraigned. Protesters from both sides have gathered here. Some of them who are for the proceedings... ...and also those in support of ending the investigation. Let him go! Let him go! It's him! Oh god, it's him! Oh, Jesus, save us! G-give it up, Mexican Joker. You don't wanna do this.  Mr. Marsh. Mr. Marsh. Mr. Marsh Marsh Marsh. Over here. Mr. Marsh, how does it feel to be exonerated?  I'm strong! I'm Strong Woman!  I'm gonna smoke the competition!  Oh no. It's the babies. Oh, no! I left Disney+ on and it went to Mulan. No, because Mulan is a female that identifies as male and yet the movie doesn't take the time to address real trans issues. Well, thank you PC Principal. Um, listen, guys. I just hope I can make you proud, and more importantly, I hope you can see that no matter who you are, you can do anything. We've really come a long way breaking down gender-binary bigotry, and I hope I can especially inspire some of my girl students here. Yes, or those who identify as girls. Get out there and get involved in school sports and clubs. If there's something you love, don't ever let anything hold you back. Oh yeah. I'm ready, David. There are just so many amazing women athletes out here today it makes me so proud. Amazing. I feel honored to be a part of history. I have a lot of incredible trans friends who are athletes, and so we're all inspired this woman is competing. Uh, no, I've never competed against her before, no. Well, what is an "average trans athlete"? Honestly, I find that kind of bigoted, David. Uh, good luck, Heather. Yeah... Just don't! You'll upset the PC babies. Emory, stop playing with your food.  What's going on-? Oh, hi Heather. Oh, that's... really cool. I'm sorry, but I have all the kids right now, and they're- Just don't. You're gonna upset the PC babies. What do you mean? She's not getting to me. Because I know her. It's Blade Jaggart. He - she - is my ex-boyfriend. Back when we were together he was such an asshole. When I finally broke up with him, he said one day he was going to get me back. And now he's got us both by the balls. He hates wome- she, hates women. When I left him, he felt he got beat by a girl, and nothing makes Blade Jaggart more crazy than getting beat by a girl. Oh God, what is he doing? Are you just... not gonna come home? P, you can't just shut down because you're afraid of how the babies are gonna react. You know how they are. They're babies. Their minds are made up before anyone says anything. Uh, hey students. As you know, we've had some issues here at the school that we're working very hard to correct. So today we are... honored... to have a motivational speaker. She is the current Strong Woman competition, and also the champion in women's MMA fighting, and in women's wrestling. Please welcome the inspiring Heather Swanson.  You sure you're ready for this? Yes, kids, and look who else is here. They don't care. They must see the nuance to this whole situation. And we didn't realize that our little babies are growing up.  -But just how many advocates have yet to be seen?  Then how do they make baby bugbears?   Do something, Eric! Look, maybe we just gotta play harder stuff, you know? Stuff the girls can't keep up with. See what? Hey, those girls are playing “Crisis Protocol”. That’s not even out yet.  Hey, you're the new girl, right? ...Clyde Donovan.  What the fuck do we do? Yeth.  NO! What do real board gamers play?  My name is Scott Malkinson and I have diabetes.  I have terminal diabetes. Board games are the only thing that give me relief from the physical and mental anguish I experience every day. Neither did I.  Say what?? Holy shit, guys! What am I gonna do?! About Sophie Gray! She's my boo! I love her! What am I supposed to say to her. I know! That's why she's perfect! But she has diabetes. You guys always rip on me for having diabetes. No! Not this time! You guys aren't ruining Scott Malkinson's life again! I'm taking control! Do you understand?!    Hi Sophie. Hoe's it going? I have something really important to tell you, Sophie. It can't wait. So, uh, you have diabetes, right?  So... what do you wanna do now?  So... what's your favorite food... that you can't eat? Mine's waffles. Oh... Oh... Ughuh, yeah, of course. I love The Mandalorian. Yeah, like, super dog shit. She's busy!  Oh my God. I would love that. Oh. Well, uh, the thing is, I, I mean uh...  She's busy, and she's watching Mandalorian at my house!  But Dad, there's this new girl in school, and she has... diabetes! Yeah. And guess what? She wants to come over to our house! So we HAVE to get Disney+! Dad, please! This is my life! But Dad, what's wrong with people watching what they wanna watch when they wanna watch it? Unbelievable!!  You gotta help me! With my baby girl!  She's everything to me, bro, but to impress her, I have to get Disney+. How can I get it without my parents' credit card?  You once had a girlfriend, Eric. You and Heidi were together a long time. You know how important this is. What are you talking about, Eric? It- I can handle diabetes. I can handle a relationship. Ah, hey. Uuhh, Eric Cartman told me you have access to streaming accounts. No, I'm Scott Malkinson. I go to your school. Haven't you ever heard the other kids say, "I'm Scott Malkinson. I have diabetes"? Uh I'm Scott Malkinson. No, I need a Disney+ account. I have two 16-needle boxes of insulin.  Oh God.  Hi, Sophie. Me too! Oh my God, I love you so much.  Uh, uhhh, here you go. I have lots of juices standing by. O-kay!  and clicks on it. I, uh I don't know.  It, ih-it's not... working.  Oh no, not Jimmy! Bae? Bae, come back!  And Scott. And Scott! Oh, what happened to "girls are just like diabetes"?! And Scott!  You assholes, stop talking to her! I am done having you all ruin my life! You hear me?! Done! You've taken my dignity for all these years, but you are not taking my girlfriend!  Eh. You're not? But Sophie, you're totally my type! Type I diabetes!  You seem to do alright. Yeah. You don't think I'm weird and gross? Wow. That's the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me. I'm sorry you missed your show, Sophie. I don't know what happened, but somehow I feel like it's my fault. Yeah, we created some this morning. I'm a human paladin and Nichole is a Tiefling warlock.  We love Blood And Plunder. Are we gonna play like a four-on-four skirmish with two different factions?  Yeah. Who wants unpainted miniatures, right?  Bet you can't beat Nichole at Blood Rage. [joins the duo on camera] I can't tell you how free I feel now that I've started identifying as a woman.  Now that I can compete as female, I'm ready to smash the other girls. I'm not here to talk about my transition! I'm here to kick some fuckin' ass! Let me tell you something, dingleberry! I'm gonna roll up the other women here, and I'm gonna smoke 'em! I am the strongest woman this state has ever seen!  Huh huh, luck is for dudes.   Hell yeah! I won! I'm a strong woman! Look at it! It's mine! I'm the best! I'm the strongest! Hey, what's going on? Is your girlfriend home? Just wanna tell her no hard feelings about me winning the Strong Woman competition.  You got a problem with me? 'Cause it's starting to seem like you have a problem with me! I was just stopping by to make sure you're not too beat up. Oh, where are the little kiddos?  Oho hey kids. Whoa, there's a lot of you. Your mom must be a strong woman to take care of all o'you. Of course, I have the Strong Woman trophy though. Heheheheh. Just kidding, right? Oh! Sounds like someone here is a transphobe. Transphobe. You're gonna what? Beat me up? You're gonna beat me up, transphobe?  Well thank you, Janet. It's a great pleasure to be here. I know that I'm an inspiration to all women and trans athletes everywhere. Now there are some women out there who just want to run and hide.  Eee-yeahhh! I just hope I can motivate little girls out there. Motivate them to understand that I will beat them at any sport they try. Motivate them to run away like that chicken shit Strong Woman did because I- Oh hey, transphobe. This is a nice surprise. I didn't count on being the best since identifying as a woman. And that's exactly what a transphobe would say! Transphobe!  Hello, boys and girls. I'm here to talk to you because apparently your school leaders have failed you. I'm gonna tell you something, kids. There's only one thing that matters in this world, and that's being the best. Your vice-principal teaches you girls to be strong, but she comes in second.  You got anything to say about that, PC Principal? "No, Ms. Swanson."  You see, people don't look up to losers. They look up to champions! Every time I beat another woman, I feel better And that's why I'm the best. Because Heather Swanson doesn't get beat. I work to be the best at everything. And Heather Swanson will beat any other woman any time, anywhere! What? Wha-what did you say, transphobe? You don't disrespect a champion, little girls! You think Heather Swanson doesn't know board games?! I was playing board games before your mom even crapped you out of her vagina! Oh it's onnn! Do you think that's fair?! You only won 'cause you dumb girls memorized the rule books! When I play games, I just wanna be a pirate or a spaceman!  I may identify as a woman now, but I grew up a boy, so you have an unfair advantage over me! Now back to PC Babies. We now return to PC Babies. Dada. I love you. Now back to PC Babies. Oh cool. Do you watch Game Night? Our next guest has been really lighting it up in women's competitions. Since she's identified as female two weeks ago, she's won every female sport she's entered. Please welcome Heather Swanson.   Yes, we are all truly inspired. Womens' MMA fighting is growing in popularity, and no other female fighter is as explosive as Heather Swanson. Heather, your story is an inspiration to sports fans everywhere. Congratulation on your "shocking" success. How am I gonna look my kids in the eyes, Strong? Since they were born, we've taught them to accept and fight for those who are marginalized. That there's no gray area when it comes to inclusion and acceptance. When I go back, all they're gonna see is a big, fat hypocrite. And now I've just used a word to shame people with weight issues.  I didn't shove him - her - for being trans. I shoved her because she's your ex-boyfriend and she's being a dick. Do you think the PC babies will see the nuance?/But they're right, Strong. I shoved a trans person. No matter what, I have no right to judge her. Do you think- Could you try to explain it to the babies? Then I've really got only one thing I can do. I have to try and make things right with Heather Swanson. No, Ms. Swanson. I just wanna get it over with.  I... I don't understand. You're right! They realize that raising a gender-based issue of strength doesn't necessarily make one a bigot or a bully. All this time we were worried what the PC babies would think. I was wondering if maybe sometime, well I could show around if you need it.  Yeah, a lot of the guys here are posers though. You gotta be careful. Oh yeah, he's a total poser.  Scottsdale. Love it there. Ow! Watch it, dork! Yeah, sure thing.   Mommy! Yay!  Daddy! Yeah Daddy! Dada! Ohoho-kay.  Hello boys. Your mommy has a bacterial infection called C. diff. It's very contagious.  We need to take a healthy person's microbiome and start to grow it inside your mother.  Your mom is tough, kids. We're gonna do the very best we can, kids. Try not to worry.  [puts his stethoscope around his neck and goes to wash his hands] Well, young man, the truth is we still don't know a lot about the microbiome, but you shouldn't let it "freak you out." Yes, it's possible, but we don't know enough. There is no superfeces which can make you athletic and young. [turns the faucet off and dries his hands] [turns around and faces Kyle. "The spice. He knows about the spice."] [thinking, "More than pretty good. The spice mélange."] Nothing. [thinking, "It's unobtainable. The spice. But could he be the one to bring it here?"] We've got more sick incoming! Try and make some more room! [Moves over to Det. Yates] We have a major epidemic here, Detective. C. diff. has spread to half the town. We don't have enough staff or enough to supplies to keep up with it. Apparently, the outbreak started at a restaurant when some women got sick on everybody. The women contracted C. diff. by giving themselves DIY fecal transplants. No, they got sick from using this, [holds up a turkey baster] A common household turkey baster. It's a thing most people use just once a year, around Thanksgiving. The rest of the year it just sits in a drawer collecting bacteria, and then the ladies went and stuck it up their asses. It gets worse. We're completely out of healthy donor feces. Even if we found a donor at this point, it wouldn't be enough to give everyone transplants. With how contagious C. diff. is and how deadly, half of South Park is going to die. That's good. Stay still. Almost there. [stopping by to visit.] You ladies are pretty lucky. If it hadn't been for these little turd burglars here, you'd be dead. And also responsible for the deaths of countless others. Well, I think we've all learned something. One for the ladies is one too many for the ladies. [everyone laughs.] Eeewww! Sheila? My goodness, look at you. Ah, I thought you were sick. Well, that certainly is... interesting. How was your salmon, Sheila? Well, thing is, we asked our doctors about getting fecal transplants too, and they said they only do them for "medical reasons," so we have to do them on our own. If it doesn't feel right, then it probably isn't right.  How much of a bitch can you be? Won't share your feces? Talk about anal-retentive! No. I think it's new, isn't it? Oh my God. Harriet? You look great! What happened? Two-faced bitch! You know what she said about you at lunch? Oh no! Clearly she couldn't stand that you were the only one whose shit didn't stink. [chuckles] Oh, thanks, girlfriend. We've been working out and dieting, you know. Not cheating like that bitch Harriet. Oh. Gaw! [throws up, then shits herself] I hope we can all be besties again. The trash. We must have thrown it in the trash. It has to be here somewhere. You had a what? Oh.  That, that reminds me, so, Sheila, um, the girls and I were talking. Well, you seem so... great, and we thought how nice it would be for us to have a little bit of your poop. No, that's very true, isn't it? We were just thinking that your microbiome is so healthy now , and it would be nice to share a little.  And that is totally fine.  That cunt! I told you she'd say no! Hi Kyle. I'm Harriet, Henrietta and Bradley's mommy. I've been looking all over town for you.  Sheila, is that you? I thought you were sick. Oh my gosh, that's so wonderful.  Fuck her! Fuck her! Have you been in that store at all? It used to be that watch store. My goodness, look at you! She called you the C-word! Fuck her! Fuck her! Fuck you, Harriet! You thought you were such hot shit, Harriet! We took the leftover feces from your house and put it up our asses with a turkey baster! Oh! Oh God! [moves away from the table and projectile-vomits, then almost falls over as she projective-poops on other diners, then vomits on another table. Soon, Linda S. is also shitting and pooping on patrons.] And we're sorry for stealing it from you, Harriet.  What the? What is wrong with this stupid thing?! You're looking great, Sheila! Okay. Bye, Harriet! [smile. But those smiles soon vanish.] Half the cells in my body. Half... The bookcase. Well, I went to the video game store and I bought this.  ''Jedi: Fallen Order''. It's getting great reviews. Thought you might want it. Great. Could you do just one little thing for me, Kyle? When you get back home, could you find a way to get a little of your mom's poop, and put it in this jar?  I don't need much. I'm sure you can find a way to sneak it from her. You do that and the game is all yours. Oh well, think about it. The offer stands. I heard you can customize your own lightsaber.  [dressed in a tennis outfit, turns around] Oh, hi girls. What's new? Fecal transplant. It's true what they say: I feel 20 years younger. [swings her tennis racket around] Fecal transplant, Damon. Keep your eyes in the road! Oh. Hey, Sheila. [smiles] Yeah, I had a little procedure done. Fecal transplant. No, I... did it myself. With a turkey baster. Well, it's really none of your business, Sheila. It's a private matter, a fecal transplant. I'd really rather not talk about it. See you girls! [walks off] There you are, you Goddamned bitch! I will take you to court, fat whore! You knew I was gonna steal your poo, and so you tainted it, didn't you?! I have been shitting and throwing up all day! It has to be from your feces! That's besides the point now! Oh, you're all backstabbing bitches now?! Just admit it! I can't stop puking and shitting because of what you did to me! What the fuck?! Oh, Sheila, I'm so sorry for stealing your feces. [pulls up in his red sports car] Looking good, Mrs. B. Alright. Alright, I'm... proud of our team today. It was uh... You know, I thought our defense did a great job keepin' us in the game, and again, I think the offense has a lot of room for improvement and all that... starts with me. Questions? Yeah. No. Guys, I'm not gonna take any requests for my microbiome. I just wanna focus on the team. We're 10-1 now, you know, but, we can't let up. Yeah? Okay, I'm not, I'm not gonna stay our here, you guys. It's just- Does anyone have a real question? Nono, no. See, I'm not gonna tell you where I'm going, because you're all gonna try and follow me into the bathroom. You're not taking my feces, so unless you have a football question, we're done here. Hey, everybody. [moves to the middle of the room, in front of a bookcase] Oh God, not again. Alright, everybody out. Come on, let's go. Nope, nope, that's all. If you people want a healthy microbiome, then proper diet and healthy choices, alright? That's it! You are all being ridiculous! [the doors open and Kyle enters, stepping down into the living room. His eyes are still glowing blue.] Okay, look. I got sick of people going to my basement and screwing with my plumbing I stopped flushing them because people kept breaking my pipes to get them. I mean, you'd all do the same thing if people were always trying to steal your shit. [Kyle's glowing eyes check out every bit of the poo cellar, which also serves as the wine cellar] Can we have your poop? Can we buy your poop? Please, can we have your poop? Tom, after you leave here, are you gonna go eat somewhere or go right home and have a- You have to understand. A lot of people want things from Tom Brady. He has to be a little protective. You know, I can call him, but he's very busy right now with the season. [thinking, "They want the spice, just like the rest. Perhaps they are the ones."] [thinking, A chance, perhaps... they could actually obtain the spice mélange."] Let me... see what I can do. Never did I think so much of it could be obtained. Oho. Okay ladies, come on. [gravelly voice] I am Mabel Gonzales, the housekeeper. [thinking, "They're here for the spice. I can sense it."] Come on in. Mr. Brady is just using the bathroom. [thinking, "Music to your ears, I suppose."] Everyone, the honorable Thomas Brady. Enough for everyone! Enough to bring peace to all! How does this happen? So they got sick from another woman's feces? Oh, those ladies! So what happens next? [walks off] Jesus. What have those rascally ladies done? Yeah, I'm a sportswriter, getting a little interview. [thinking, "A little interview, and hopefully more."] [jumps up with a knife to keep the others away from Tom] The rest of you, stand back! They all deceived you, Mr. Brady! They only want to get the spice mélange. The spice! So much of it! Yes, and we're here with our little girl who's dying, just like your friend. Shut up, Theresa! [thinking, "The spice mélange. It is here in this house."] This is enough for all the universe! I'm dying, mommy? Whoa! Yeah! Yeah!   Hey, guys. Um, well, I moved here from Arizona, I really like soccer, and I love The Mandalorian, and, um, I guess one thing about me that might be kind of different is that I have diabetes. I have a thing called diabetes. It's a condition that affects the way my body processes sugar. It just means that I have to check my blood sugar once in a while, and sometimes I have to...  ...part of who I am. Oh, and I also have a pony. Oh thanks. That's really nice of you. Wow, that'd be great. A couple of the other guys offered too. That's funny. Another one of the guys said that. He was the tall kid that kinda dresses like you.  ...yeah, and so my dad actually still lives in Scottsdale. Oh, okay.  I'll see you around, huh? Yeah. Oh.  Um, I haven't really thought about it. Do you watch The Mandalorian on Disney+? Right? It's the best Star Wars thing since Empire. Makes all the new movies look like dog shit. Hey, are you gonna watch the new episode on Friday? We could watch it together if you want. Okay. I'll be over right when it starts streaming. Hey!  I have to watch right when it starts streaming. I hate spoilers. This'll be a great place to watch it.  Uh oh. Hey, do you have some juice or something? My blood sugar is a little low. Huh? Great!  Mm, okay, it's time. Put it on. Ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod! Yesyesyesyes!  Hey, uh, what's going on? Can you change it back? It's gonna be okay. That Jimmy kid invited me to watch at his house. Come on!  Hay! Hope it's still okay to come over? Oh no, your streaming services are messing up too? No. We were just at Scott's house and it was the same thing. This is terrible! Mom, I can't watch Mandalorian anywhere.  oh no, it's happening here too? What are you talking about, Scott? I'm not your girlfriend. I'm not anyone's girlfriend! I just fuckiing moved here, you guys. Can I have some time to unpack the shit in my room? Scott, I'm more than just my diabetes. Need a candy bar?  It stinks having diabetes sometimes, huh? Still sucks. Kids don't know how much extra you have to do every day just to be okay. I'm glad there's a kid at my new school who I can talk about diabetes with. You know what? I don't think you're any weirder and grosser than any of the other boys in this town. That's okay. I had an interesting night. I think I kind of like the Scott Malkinson Show. Hey Clark. Clark, are you there? Yeah hey, I think we actually have a job. The Stotches need their cable box looked at. Uh, listen, Clark, part of why we're losing customers is 'cause people say our service is slow.  This is Clark. Go ahead. Alright, I'm on it! Don't worry, I'll be there as fast as I can! Number 3 value meal, no pickle.  Well I'm only 15 minutes late. Oh, you want quantity over quality?! Streaming services are destroying our town! People don't watch and bond over the same shows anymore! Everyone watches somethin' different! 'Cause you got assholes in Hollywood making little niche programs for everybody! That's what you want?! Look at that. Look. Two hundred and forty channels of anything we wanna watch. No accounts! No fucking passwords! Just pure, simple, basic cable. Not now, Scott. Your mom and I are enjoying watching whatever we want  and not signing up for anything. Oh, not this shit again! The answer is no!  Streaming services are destroying our culture, Scott! People got a thousand shows at their fingertips 24/7, so Hollywood has to make shows within their shows to make more shows!   Yeah, it's me. It's time we took down all these streaming services down. Tell all the guys we're meeting ASAP, in a window between 10 am and 2 pm Thursday. Goddamnit, where are they?! We're gonna run out of time!  Where the hell have you guys been?! "Between 10 and 2 doesn't mean you wait until 1-fucking-50!" What's wrong is that we;'re losin' our asses to these sons of bitches! I don't know about you buys, but I haven't worked a full day in weeks!  These streaming services all still need the Internet to stream, right? And who laid all that cable those companies are streamin' on?! That's right. We fucking did. We're cable repairmen! We control what goes into people's houses! Us! It's time that we work together and show people how much they still need us! Bill and Dave, you get supplies from the electronics store! Kurt, you help Michael with the hardware we're gonna need! Let's meet at the breaker between 4 and 7 pm! Alright, let's do this!  Dave? Dave, you got everything from the electronics store? Well what the fuck are you doing?! God-fucking-damnit, can we get the show on the road here, guys?! Kurt, you got the cable splitters? Goddamnit, get the cable splitters! Alright, I got the static coupler conected to the RF switch. You got the BT router undone, dave? Okay. Let's throw the pulse cable!  Yeah, I think that's good.  Alright guys, let's be the heroes this town needs! Okay, we're here! Let's geh-aaah, shit!  Welcome to McDonald's. Can I take your order? Uhh, hi.  Just wanted to say, you know, welcome to the school.   Timmih! Timmih...  Oh, that's wonderful, Scott. You gave us a window of 10 am to 2 pm. It's 1:50. Wow. What's wrong with you?? Hey, that's right. Let's tear the insulation off the retractile cables. We did. Yeah!  Yeah! Let's uncouple the stranded conductor! Katherine, I have some bad news. What is it, Katie?  Not yet. Still workin' on it. You gave me a window from noon to 3 to get it all; it's only 2:45. Yeah. Yeah, I think that's got it.  ...Huh? Steaming accounts and passwords! Steaming accounts! Passwords! Hey. What's going on? Maybe I do, and maybe I don't. Are you a cop? Never heard of you. Oh, yeah. Well, in that case,  Hulu? Netflix? HBO Max? I got all the accounts and passwords you need. Oh, you want the good stuff. That's pricey. Hard to find. What uh-are you lookin' to trade? Oh. Oh God. Oh! Ohhhhhhh!  Disney+ account and password. This is item number 45-78111. Look at these stunning ear-  I don't know what's going on! -teen karat gold- Hey, Sophie.  We're the Blacks, a hip family just trying to get by. The problem is, our neighbors. We're the Whites. Nobody cares if bad things ever happen to us anymore. And things are getting worse.  Because in this town, it's The Whites And The Blacks, on Amazon Prime. Yeah!!  So you say that these mutant crab people came up from under the ground and started eating children? Oh.  Nonono, Crab People was the show that came on TV when I was trying to watch Stranger Things on Netflix.  Who are all these boys, Sophie? Santa!  Did you know that the holidays are when the most DUIs and drinking-related accidents occur? Please, be sure to celebrate the holiday season responsibly, because last holiday season  The-, the most drunk-driving accidents than ever bef- Okay, okay, Come on. All Santa is saying is that drinking and driving during the holidays- Well, how about a little baby Yoda doll? What on earth??  What the-? How are people still drinking and driving?? Marijuana? This isn't what Santa meant! I got rid of liquor and now you assholes are all just getting high?! God-fucking-damnit!   Marijuana-free Christmas Snow? Do you realize that tomorrow is Christmas Eve?! Santa to base, come in. Sleigh is too loaded down to fly. Gonna have to take the roads until I can find a place to dump all this blow.  Oh shit!  Ho ho ho!  Stay back, mutherfucker! Oh, Santa understands plenty! You assholes drink and drive and you think marijuana is somehow different, go driving around on that, and then you go and make this shit! Oh, don't give Santa that! Coke is coke!  Santa's done coke before. Santa knows what- It's, it's cocaine. Just like every other cocaine Santa's ever tried. You people really think that the holidays are- Okay, yeah, that's pretty good. But it doesn't matter! Because Christmas is a- Wow, that is really clean. It's like not speedy at all. It's really mellow.  Honestly, I didn't think cocaine could be this pure, wow. No, you can tell. It's really clean. Santa likey.  Maybe I have been a little too old-fashioned in my thinking. Oh Jesus. Jesus, you really gotta try it. You cut out the middle man, nobody dies in South America, nobody dies from impurities . It's fucking pure. What are you doing, Jesus? It's more than okay. Tegridy cocaine is smooth and has a great finish. This is like that little Greta girl with the global warming.  We're trying to have fun here, Santa! Mornin', Stotch.  Can I help you? Sorry, everyone. I've been shut down until the New Year. All I've got is this little bottle of peppermint schnapps, but it's barely enough form my drive home. I've got lemonade, soft drinks, and tea. That's all I can sell until January 2nd. We don't know who passed the ordinance, Mayor, but... well, the people feel left out. And community is what matters. That's Tegridy. That's Tegridy Weed. Come on, Tolkien! Let!s wrap it up and get out of here!   Me-herry Christmas. It's great, Santa. Oh, you gotta try it, Santa. It's really good. Yeah, try it. You gotta try it. It's amazing, Santa. New ordinance's been passed by the county. No marijuana sales till after the holidays. Look, I just do what I'm told, man. Happy holidays.  They just dshut down our business.  Marijuana-free Christmas Snow, now available from Tegridy Farms. It's cocaine that's farm to nostril. All-natural Tegridy Cocaine. Endorsed and approved by Santa Claus. Available soon at a store near you. Happy holidays! Woo! This is base. Go ahead, Santa. Somebody has to have a little. I feel like total shit. I can't believe what I'm hearing!  I have heard your prayers, Marsh! And I've been watching. You want people to think that home-grown cocaine is the same as legalizing marijuana? No!  Okay, I get it. It's really clean. It's... yeah. It's a good high. Well, maybe we all do need a little Tegridy at Christmas time.  I think it's time for a little Christmas miracle.  I'll bet when coke becomes legal soon, everyone will want Tegridy Cocaine!  Hey. Hey. Hey, everybody! 