M'kay, that sounded great, kids.  M'kay, kids. Uh, we have some news. Uh, there's been a terrible flood in Oklahoma, m'kay? So the 4-million-recorder-children's event is being moved to Arkansas. Eh, the trip shouldn't take any longer, but I'll hand out these updated contact sheets so that your parents will know where you are, m'kay?  M'kay.  What? We can't find anybody to fill in for you. Why can't you go to Arkansas? Well, don't you want to see them? Uh, perhaps you should sit down, Mr. Garrison, m'kay?  Mr. Garrison, I know this is very difficult, m'kay, but I must ask: is there a history of sexual abuse in your family? When was that? M'kay, eh, and your father? He molested you when you were a boy?  Mr. Garrison, I think, when we get to Arkansas, you need to see your father. You need to face this demon in your closet, m'kay? M'kay. Mr. Garrison, are you alright? M'kay-Mr. Garrison, you're just having a hard time dealing with the memories of your father's sexual abuse, so you switch personalities to Mr. Hat, m'kay? M'kay-I think the best thing for Mr. Garrison to do is to go see his father. M'kay! Mr. Hat, you need to let me talk to Mr. Garrison, m'kay?! What did you say?! Why, you son of a bitch!  I'm gonna kick your ass, m'kay?!  Yuh-NO!  You may have won this time, Mr. Hat. M'kay, I want everyone to stay together, m'kay? Nobody move! Excuse me? Oh, uh we're from South Park, Colorado?  Uh, Mr. Garrison, Sr.? Uh, my name is Mr. Mackey. I'm your school counselor, m'kay. Uh-I wanna talk to you about your son—I'm his n-therapist, m'kay. Eh, you didn't? Oh. Hm. Uh, I guess that's a little different. Well, now, uh, what's he supposed to think, Mr. Garrison? I mean, uh, look at all the media, all the magazine ads and television ads talkin' about "sexual molestation", m'kay? He sees all that and assumes you didn't molest him because of some flaw in his looks or personality. I know, I know, but I'm afraid this problem has run very deep through Mr. Garrison's mental state. I'm worried that if... you don't do something, well it could kill him. There comes a time in every father's life when he must ask himself, "How far will I go to save my son's life?" Well, I've said all I can say.  Uh, aren't those our boys?   