Only one thing can save our kingdom. You must bring me: a piece of pecan pie with toffee ice cream and magic shell. Hurry now! It shall be a long journey with many dangers on the way. Don't worry! I am the great wizard Motortart. I can shield us from the dragon's fire.  And so the party journeyed onward: the great Wizard, the skillful Ranger, and the covetous Jew. Jews can't be Paladins. Perhaps a reward is in order. Gold? Frankensteincense? Man, that's crap. And so the party returns home after completing their great quest. Prepare for battle!  This sounds like a really important quest. This... is so cool. Nay, Butters! The one tape must be brought back to Stan'ses house.  And so the tape was again retrieved to be brought back to Stan'ses house. Perhaps the one videotape has some power we have not foreseen.  ''You're'' gay! Yeah! The one tape must be returned!  I must say I agree. If this copy of ''The Lord of the Rings'' is tainted, it would not be safe in the wrong hands.  Come, guys. We must bring this all to the attention of the High Elf of Paragon.  We're seriously, High Elf. Something very evil lurks in this tape. Thank you, High Elf of Paragon. Clyde's a dick. Kevin, god-damnit..!  Talangar the Black returns from watching the video.  My God, this thing must really be powerful.  Quiet! You're acting like a bunch of assholes! Yeah, stupid.  Shut up, Kenny. A dark wizard must be trying to stop us! Yes, we shall slay the Ringworm and take his bounty of treasure!  For that is the way of the--  It's Butters. Yes. He's been following us for like two hours.  Just ignore him; maybe he'll go away. There's no time for rest, sorcerer! Keep up!  Quick! Cross the river! Sixth graders can't stand water! I'm a high-ranking white wizard, Craig, and I say sixth graders are opposed to water! Go ahead and play Harry Butthole Pussy Potter! We're not lost, Jewgar of Jewlingrad, we just don't know where we are!  That's what "lost" means, stupid! '''''Kenny, shut your goddamned mouth!''''' If that was possible. We're screwed. The tape is returned to which it came. Its power over you shall fade as well. And perhaps they would. But for now the sixth grader army was defeated. 