 Butters' parents want to borrow ''The Lord of the Rings'' video we rented. Could you take it over to them? Yeah, whatever.  Hmmm, that gets rid of them. Yeah, well uh, ''The Lord of the Rings'' wasn't the only thing I rented from the video store.  I also rented... a porno.  You wanna go watch?  You ready for some hot, steamy fun? The guys at the office told me I ''had'' to rent this porno. They said, "this is without a doubt ''the'' hottest porno ever made."  I love that lingerie.  Yeah. You like that? Yeeaahhh.  Alright, you ready? Oh, yeah.  Aw man, I hate when pornos try to have a story. Oh yeah.  Yeah, it almost looks like... ''The Lord of the-- [jumps up and sits on the bed, aghast]'' '''''Oh, my God!'''''  This is ''Lord of the Rings''! The boys have the hottest porno ever made. Calm down, maybe the boys haven't gotten there yet. Boys! Boys!  Where's the videotape? Well, wait a minute, uhhh, boys, do you think you can go get that tape back for us really fast?  Yes, it is. It is more important than anything I've ever asked you to do. You must retrieve the tape. But do not look at it, uh, for it... holds an evil power! Retrieve the tape, and return it to us at home.  Do this, and you will be greatly rewarded.  Okay, problem solved. Uh... Chris, are the boys over here? We...  The boys must've come and saw what it was and... then taken it away somewhere.  And so that's the situation. All the boys are out there somewhere with a... pornographic videotape. I'm a...fraid it was... ''Backdoor Sluts 9''.  It-it can't hurt 'em that much, can it? We think our boys might be showing other children a, uh... pornographic tape.  Well, y-you see, when a, when a man and a woman fall in love, the man puts his penis in the woman's vagina. It's called love-making, and it's part of being in love.  Where did the boys go with the porno tape? The video sandwich? What's a video stockyard, Jimmy? I know where it is!  Boys! Boys! There you are! A-alright, now, now listen, kids. There's some things we need to put into context for you. You see, a man puts his penis into a woman's vagina for both love and pleasure. But sometimes the woman lays on top of the man facing the other way so that they can put each other's genitals in their mouths.  Uh, this is called "69ing" and it's normal. That's right. It's something adults can do with really good friends in a comfortable setting. Going number 1 or number 2 on your lover is something people might do, but you must make sure your partner is okay with it before you start doing it. Well, let's all get going. 