Vice Principal Strong Woman? I was seeing if there's anything you... might want to discuss with me? I am- so sorry- that I took advantage of my position and- manipulated you into a physical encounter. Are you sure we can move forward? I was just thinking there might still possibly be some fallout from- You don't think there's anything else to dis- to discuss? All right, everyone, listen up. The vice principal has asked to speak with you today. She believes it is time that we all as a school finally discussed in-vitro fertilization. That's right, Strong Woman. In today's society it is wrong to just assume that a pregnant woman had intercourse with a man. St-students at this school need to be careful because it can be offensive to ask questions like "Who's the father?"  You- you all right, Strong Woman? So-so we'd like to have all our students talk to their parents tonight about in-vitro fertilization, and after that, let's just put the whole issue behind us.   It's okay. We'll be at the hospital soon. Just keep breathing. I'm just a co-worker helping another co-worker in need. I certainly do not want to put an pressures on you as a female, but at times I wonder if there is more we should discuss. That she is. Oh, dude. Bro. I think it's wrong to force gender specification upon them at this young age. What's that? Doctor, would it be possible for me to... hold the PC babies? Vice Principal? Shh it's okay. The babies are fine, resting in the nursery. They're the most...  they're the most PC babies I've ever seen. Look I was the one who abused my position and took advantage of a subordinate- N-Not took advantage. You know what I'm saying. All I want to do is help. We can say I'm the manny. And if anyone has a problem with that, then they have a problem with gender biases, and they can take it up with me! We can keep the truth about the babies totally hidden.  Oh yes, very good, Vice Principal. See that it is done by back to school night. I am the manny. Anyone have a problem with that?  Is everything all right? Oh, no, we're from uh, Missouri. All right, please move along, folks. We don't want the babies to get excited.  They're so strong, like their mother. Can they ever know that I'm their dad? Then I'll just try to be the best principal to them that I possibly can. 