Of course he sings. He's black. Two hundred dollars. You wanna know what it is, guys? That's right. We're not talented. See, we're not the artistic side, we're the thinking side.  Wait, you guys! I just had an amazing idea. Tolkien is going right to the top, right. I mean, he's gonna be a huge star. So, why shouldn't ''we'' get some of that money? We can be Tolkien's agents. That way, we get ten percent of whatever he makes! We just need a really kickass office and some nice suits. A and a fountain in our lobby. All top agencies have fountains in their lobbies. We gotta make Tolkien think he needs us, when actually he doesn't need us at all.  Perfect! All right, you guys get back to the office, I'll bring Tolkien there. Wait a minute! You guys, this is very important: when I bring Tolkien back to the office, have Kenny hide in another room, and call the phone on my desk. Because I'll answer and pretend I'm talking to somebody super famous and important. When Tolkien sees that, maybe he'll think we're legit.  Oh hey, Tolkien! Buddy, my man, what is up?!  Hey, you know, I heard you were doing something down in Denver tomorrow night. Yeah I don't know if I ever told you this before, but I'm actually an agent over at the Super Awesome Talent Agency. You may have seen our ads around town. Anyway, why don't you come down to the office, Tolkien? Maybe I can convince the company to represent you. This will only take a second. Welcome to our offices, Tolkien. As you can see, we are quite a successful company. Did you notice the fountain? Pretty nice, hm?  Guys, you remember Tolkien. He's thinking about becoming a client. Now, Tolkien, I I know what you're saying to yourself: You're saying, "Hey, why do I need an agency? Why should I give them ten percent?" Right?  Yeah, yeah, no, I'm happy you called, Abraham Lincoln. I'm just sort of in the middle of something right now. I'll I'll call you back, Abe.  I'm making it look like important people call us.  ...well Tolkien doesn't know that. How?! Jew!  Yes, yes, I think that's a good idea, guys. Let's give Michael Jordan a call about that.  Ah, now, where were we? Uh if... we could just get you to sign right here?  From now on, we are an entertainment team, Tolkien. You just do all the singing, all the performing and all the entertaining,and leave the rest to us. We represent Tolkien.  Give us a call, we'll work out a deal. Two hundred dollars, Tolkien, that's great! And ten percent of two hundred is... Sweet! You may have heard of Super Awesome Talent Agency. Tolkien, you signed with us! What?! Uh they're not so great! They probably don't have a fountain in their lobby! ...Oooo... ...Goddamnit!  This just goes to show that hard work doesn't pay off! I'm gonna be a homeless drug addict from now on!  You've ...already done all the work? We'll go to LA with your wife. All she has to do is go on the show, do all the performing, make all the money, and leave the rest to us.  Excuse us! Dude, how long is the wait? Brrr brrr! Brrr brrr! Oh, excuse me, everyone. That's my cell phone.  Hello? Oh yes, hi, Colonel Sanders! Yes, I'm doing great, but you know, heh, someone at American Idol doesn't know who Wing is. Eh eh, you're right, Colonel Sanders! You shouldn't give her any more chicken. Stupid assholes!  Is there a cash prize involved in your show as well? Come on, Wing! She's got a hell of a chin on her, I'll give her that.  Gay. Your gift of hope is a great deduction.  Thanks, Mr. Stallone. We're just sorry she wasn't a better boxer.  Four thousand dollars?  That's four hundred for us! We did it!  ''Who let the dogs out?'' ''Who let the dogs out?'' ''Who let-?'' Naw, sh-she was with you!  Wing? Wing? Wing? Here, Wing! Not this time! They dropped their card. Now we know where CAA Talent Agency is! We're gonna march in there, and get our client back. Of course it's impressive! They steal everyone else's clients! Yeah, whatever. You can suck our balls. Oh my God, you guys. Look!  Yeah, if these talent agents wanna play rough, we can play rough too!  Do you wanna play rough?! Okay!  Don't give us that crap! She's no good to you dead and you know it! Aw aw guys, come on! Tolkien, you're... waiting tables? Aw man, that's too bad, Tolkien. Hey, could you bring us some more bread, huh? Oh and some more olive oil. Chop chop!  