What do you think you're-? My show! My Tegridy Farms show! Hello, Mayor. Mr. and Mrs. Tweek, ... Mackey. Yah, Mexican Joker. That was terrible.  Well, that's ridiculous. Guys, I have nothing against homegrowers. Hm...  Enough of Tegridy Farms? South Park is NOTHING without Tegridy Farms! I didn't do anything wrong!  Hi, Mr. Ga- Mr. President, Uh, I'm really sorry to bother you. Look, uh... I'm in a bit of trouble. Yeah, they uh, someone got some supposed evidence on me doing something... "illegal" and uh. Y-yeah, of course. Did I what? Uh, uhm, "Hey, you! You blew up people's yards who were growing their own marijuana!" "You, you illegally damaged property and made your business-" Jeez, you're really good at that. Look, what I really need from you is some personnel. Do you know any good lawyers? Look, doctor. You have to give me something. I'm really sick. I'm like, starting to question things that I've done. Like, starting to question the person I've become. And I can't sleep at night I, I just lay in my cell wondering if I've been a bad father lately, and a bad husband, and... please, it really hurts. I need some marijuana. I just need a little medicinal weed and these symptoms will all go away. You need to turn your life around! Clearly you have the addiction problem and I'm just your whipping boy! Ahh, poop! I've had a lot of time to just sit in here and think. I'm starting to realize I have this pattern of behavior where I... always want more. More weed, more drinks, more deals with the Chinese. It's never enough. See, I've always had my flaws, but at the end of the day, I cared about people. You know what the President said? He said just deny everything and make yourself the victim. Yeah, well... maybe he's part of how I got here. Maybe the President has brought down my moral meter. I don't mean to cast blame - I'm to blame - but... ever since he was elected, I've compared my morals to his. And no matter how awful I am, I'm never as bad a the President, so I'm... okay. I do? Oh. Thanks, but I think I'm just gonna plead guilty. Oh. Ohhh. Yeahhh.  Yeah, I have some words to say! I can't believe I'm being attacked here! You people are monsters! The evidence shows me in a yard taking a dump! Yes! Because I was setting a trap for Mexican Joker!  A bunch of... No... No, I can't do this. You wanna know what really happened? The President... sent me his lawyer, and his lawyer told me what to say to get off and gave me a joint in prison. And then I smoked that joint! And you know what I thought?! I thought "this is some shitty-ass weed." It wasn't Tegridy. It barely even changed my mental state. The reason I got into the marijuana business was to make quality, simple weed that came from the heart. Weed that was strong, and pure. Somewhere on that journey I lost my way. Tegridy weed is about community. It's a sunrise. It's the smile on a baby. But most of all  Thank you. It feels really good to have these charges dropped. Now we can all get back to the business of trying to heal. I'd like to...  Well gang, I guess that's about it, huh? It's been a really good run, but, looks like the season is over. Well sure, the first snow is falling, crops are pretty much dead. Well what'd you all think, huh? I think the season was a little better than anyone expected. I really wanna thank you guys for a great run.  