For years, mankind has tried to rid the world of ads. For our ancestors, ads couldn't be avoided. But everyone knew what was an ad, and what wasn't. After many years, mankind invented cable. A way to p-pay for television so there would be no ads. But somehow, the ads still found a way. And so mankind invented TiVo. A way to skip past commercials. Finally, it appeared to be the end of ads. And everywhere, people rejoiced. The ads were stopped. Or so it seemed. With the rise of the Internet, suddenly the ads got an en- tirely new way to attack us. Popups. The top scientific minds were brought together to find a way to stop the ads, once and for all. They invented the ad blocker. Suddenly there were no ads on phones, on computers. And everywhere, people rejoiced. The ads adapted. They became s-smarter. They disguised themselves as news. All around the world people read news stories completely unaware that they were reading ads . And now, the ads have taken the next step in their evolution. They have taken human form. Ads are among us. They could be your friend, your g-gardener. The ads are trying to wipe us out. But the question is... how?  It's just my luck. I talk to a nice girl, seem to hit it off, and she turns out to just be an ad. This is such a fantastic story for the school newspaper. Why don't we just run it so that everyone knows the truth? So you don't know anything about the principal that might be newsworthy? Super School News worthy?  Leslie, what kind of... plans do you have? Do you have any... plans? Just, you know, plans. Like what are you hoping tooo... accomplish?  Well, I want to pursue careers in both news reporting and comedy. Yeah, you're pretty different yourself, Leslie. I'm starting to think that maybe all ads aren't so bad. I am not thinking with my dick. No, I just think that she's a- She's ag- emotional Interesting, caring girl. Okay Leslie, let's try a different approach. Let's say you wanted tooo... destroy the entire species. How would you go about it? And what is the new principal trying to do, Leslie? What? Leslie, come on. Yeah I'm gonna help you. I mean, come on. PC Principal is our enemy, not her. It is not my dick. I am thinking rationally and with logic. I am taking her out of here! Officer Barbrady, we have to stop PC Principal before it's too late. Burning the midnight oil, huh Nathan? You sonofabitch. What have you done to the Super School News? Writing headlines sponsored by PC Principal and the ads? How much did they pay you?! Everyone's gonna know the truth, Nathan. We're getting a new edition of the school paper out by morning. Everyone's gonna know all about the ads.  Leslie... I thought we were b-b-b-besties. 