What? Knock it off! Go get my pen, fatass Go get my pen! Goddammit!  Where's PC Principal? What are you talking about? "Principal Sends Two Favorite Students On A Disney Cruise. This week, students Jimmy Valmer and Leslie Meyers are being treated to an all-expenses-paid vacation for their outstanding school-" what the hell is this? Yeah I... Ah I don't wanna get involved. I've already learned you can't win against PC Principal. You should know of all people since he converted your dad. Who told you that the principal sent Jimmy on a Disney Cruise? There. Leslie's Instagram and her Twitter. Last entry was ten days ago. Jimmy never used that stuff, remember? He said he hated using the Internet. I'm just looking for any news articles or anything about PC Principal.  Where did you say PC Principal was from? Maybe there's something from the news in Vermont that could give us a clue about-  Goddammit what the hell is this? Dude. Dude, look at this. "How PC Culture is changing Vermont from a state of intolerance to a s-"  Dude there it is again! It's that goddamned guitar! This ad is fucking following me! I'm trying! Goddammit get over here!  It is pretty cool dude, it tunes itself. It's this company that does all kinds of hi-tech instruments. See look, I'll show you.  So then what'd Tolkien say? Whoa, what the hell just happened? We were... We were on Cartman's computer looking up news stories about PC Principal. It's like... someone's trying to... distract us.  Because they're worried what we'll uncover about PC people. Why are you looking at me? Well what are you guys talking about? What?! And why do you think that, Stan?! Because if anyone has a reason for us not mess with PC Principal, it's you! Let's not forget that Stan's dad is PC Principal's little bitch! It is you, isn't it?! That's why you're trying to shift the blame on me. That's very Cartman of you, Stan! N-ho, that's good! Just keep on distracting everybody! It seems to be working, Cartman! Leslie. How do you know thi-? 2692  