  I'm not fat, Kyle. Dude, I'm not fat! I don't drive around on a mobility scooter like that bitch!  See what I mean? You can't even walk around a Wall-Mart anymore without getting run over by some fat dick on a Rascal.  Holy hell yes! Yeah... Yeah, here you go.  Hey Kyle, can I come in for a second?  All these years you tell me and me saying "No, I'm big-boned" or "no, that's just muscle"... It was always just me living in denial. I'm fucking fat, Kyle. I'm fucking fat as fucking fuck.  Sweeeeeeeeeet! Don't know what took me so long, dude. All I needed was a few extra pounds and the insurance company paid for my own private one! See? It's got a basket on the front for my candy corn Oreos.    Yeap. No, this is the problem, Kyle.  That's not the way this country works, Kyle.  It's the law.   Coming through. Oh how humiliating.  Ay! The fuck is this?! There's a wait for the Rascal line?! He-hay! That kid in the middle isn't even fat! Look at him! He's got no right to be on a Rascal! You're not fooling anybody asshole! Walk to the back of the line! Yeah, well you got skinny arms!  'Scuse me. Move it. And so to go through all that, your honor, to go through all the shame and daily ridicule, and then not to be able to take a simple shit at Best Buy?  Oh God, excuse me! It's just so belittling, you know? All I wanted to do was take a dump, your honor. After all I've been through, can't I just take a dump at Best Buy? Oh yeah, it's nice. Yeah, that works pretty well.  What, Kyle?!   You condone Rascal-tipping, Kyle?! Do you know that all over our country people in mobility scooters are being victimized?! Oh! Oh, did you hear him?!  I'm not feeling shamed anymore! From now on, I'm gonna shop sitting down and skip to the front of the lines with my head held high! Just because someone needs a mobility scooter doesn't mean they're an ignorant piece of white trash, Kyle! I may be fat, but I'm not Honey Boo Boo! Oh yeah, that's good. That's accessible now. Cool, let me try to take a shit in this real quick.  It is a violation of my civil rights, Tolkien, and you should be ashamed of yourself! Making money off of people's handicaps! Well Tolkien, I would like you to meet my lawyer!  As soon as he gets in here he will be handing you a cease and desist order! That show is not going to air! What? That little bitch beat me in the ratings?! Oh HELL NO!   Nobody takes ''my'' ratings! I'm pissed! Yeah, I'm fat and I'm pissed! I ain't done with you, bitch!  