Well, because you got good coordination, sharp reflexes, and you're fucking fat. Right, you're not fat. Jesus Christ, you can't even walk down an aisle to get your candy?  Why do they even allow those things in stores? You've gotta be kidding me! Are you serious?? Look around: doesn't this bother you at all??  Why?  Cartman, uh, all I was trying to tell you at Wall-Mart was that you-  Oh no! You don't need that! Get off of it. That's ''not'' what I meant by doing something about it, Cartman! What?? So take a shit somewhere else! You have got to be kidding me! We should not be wasting time and money making sure Cartman's fat scooter can't be tipped over! So get off your fucking scooters and pick them up! Who's Honey Boo Boo? Jesus, dude. W-w-what happened? It's like, something's lowered the bar to the point that nobody feels any shame anymore. Come on, hurry it up in there!   How can we make people see the difference between being sensitive to obesity and letting fat people walk all over us?! Yeah! We've gotta raise people's awareness! Yeah! g'uh... A, a documentary? You, I gu-I guess you're kinda right. Really? Thanks, dude! I'm gonna go get a video camera!  Ladies and gentlemen, we have an epidemic in our country. Obesity is costing taxpayers millions, and some are taking advantage of a system that is flawed. Over the past several days I have filmed such a case, and the shocking video has been edited by my partner, Tolkien. It is our hope that this film will cast light on a serious issue.  Fatty Doo Doo? What?  What have you done? When we said "documentary," I thought we meant ''60 Minutes'', not Honey Boo Boo! You got Randy Newman to do the theme song. You're not trying ''that'' hard. Tolkien, you're a good kid. How can you sit there and collect money on a show that's about a, about a fat child killing himself?? Where's your sense of shame?? When the bar gets lowered, Tolkien, we all pay the price. What if Honey Boo Boo was a little black girl? Being fattened up by her mom and talking about grits and hominy? I just don't know what to do. I mean, I hate Cartman with all my heart, but I can't stop feeling ashamed for taking advantage of him. But should I feel ashamed? Oh, whatever lowered the bar is not my fault. So if I kind of go with it, is it really unfair to Cartman? Just, you know, make some money off him. Like Honey Boo Boo. What?  What? Oh my God. I'm sorry Tolkien, I had to tell him. His life is in danger. You found a network to buy it? I've been thinking, how did shamelessness get to this?   Huh? I don't know. I think... we've been given another chance. 