BOHHHHH! Did you see that hit? BOOOOM! That was a great hit boys. Remember that at practice tomorrow. All right all right, here we go boys! Watch them on the kickoff, all right? Special teams are the most important plays.  Huh?  Wait wait wait, wait. Whoa! What! The! FUCK?! Yeah, I'd like to talk about this genius new rule in the football program about no kickoffs?  Oh yeah, we don't want our kids getting hurt playing football! But I think I have a way to make it even better! Why don't we have the players just wear bras?! Yeah, the players should all wear bras! And instead of helmets, they should wear little tinfoil hats, 'cause, you know, it's the future and we shouldn't be so barbaric!  Oh, you're all not getting it! See, while we're at it, we'll have a balloon instead of a ball, and whoever catches the balloon tries to run while all the other players hug! Oh they'd love it! A sport where safety is all that matters? How about we call it "sarcastaball"?!  Jesus Christ! Yes, I would love to be the coach of the sarcastaball team! Yes Stan, this is what people want! Don't worry, you look really cool.  Oh, you know, try to get it into the end zone, but be really polite about it. How's it going? Awesome! Nobody's getting hurt and the kids are learning valuable life lessons! 'Cause hugging and safety are what the world is all about! Happy? I'm thrilled! Look at how much better this is! Oh, this is good! Nice for you all to turn out in record numbers to show your support for sarcastaball!   Oh thank you, commissioner! I'm thrilled to be a part of this! Thanks! Yeah, no, ''you'' nice going!  Yeah, lookin' good, guys! Let's kick some butt!  Oh yeah, good one!   Oh yeah, nice going, replacement refs! YEAH!  YEAH! WOO! Yeah, well, the other team was just so awesome on offense I was really scared.  Oh yeah, I'm just the guy who invented sarcastaball! There's no way I'd know how to coach it! ...Yeah...  All right guys, listen up! Forget about the day off, we need to practice tomorrow. That's good, Peyton, but we need to get better. That's IT!  Yeah, it's awesome to be on your show. Thanks, Jim. 'Cause it's totally what I intended. You know, when I came up with the idea I was sure it was gonna end up like this. Thanks Jim.  Oh yeah, I've totally got time to do that, Sharon! In fact, how about I go downstairs and make a four-course meal for all of you? Check that: a seven-course meal? Oh, right! I can't stop being sarcastic now! Right, it's doing something to my brain! And now I can't stop being sarcastic! Yes! I totally mean it!  Help me, Sharon. Help me.  Oh boy, this is great! My week just keeps getting better. So that's it.  No, sarcastaball has nothing to do with it. I just... I just really enjoy being sarcastic and so I must be finding an excuse. My son is out there playing that game! It's heartwarming to see you have such high regard for his safety! Thank you, doctor. Thank you so much!  STAN?! Stan!   Get in the car, Stan! We're going home! Everyone! Everyone, listen! There's something you all need to know about sarcastaball. It turns out... it's totally safe.  God damn it! Yeah, we're your parents! We can't tell you what to do! Look, the point has been made, okay?! I'm warning you, being this sarcastic is dangerous! I don't see how anyone could play this game with any sincerity. ... Come on, everybody, let's work on that kick off change and get back to some football.  