Boner balls. Boner balls-boner... Boner forest. Dense... boner forest. Protruding vaginal boner. Oh, I like that.  Indifferent Rectal Semen Splooge is taken too?! Come! On! Furry Balls Plopped Menacingly On The Table, Incorporated! You guys! You guys, it's awesome! Holy shit you guys!  You guys, I've got it! It's the greatest startup company name EVER!  Washington. Redskins.  It's sooo sweet! It's not, dude! Some dumb court-thingy, and the trademark got pulled! You can use it! Aaand the logo! Dude! There's already brand name awareness and it's instantly recognizable! Kyle, you're not hearing me! The trademark has been pulled! We can do whatever we want!  It's a strong name, dude. It's like aggressive and masculine like Boner Forest, but Boner Forest was taken. We don't stand for anything. Remember our company plan, guys!  Start up, cash in, sell out, bro down. I told you guys! "Washington Redskins" totally gets people's attention! Sittin' on our asses, here we come!  By pledging just one or two dollars, you are helping us in our fervent quest to not have to do stuff. If you pledge $10 or more, you will receive this luxurious company micro badge. Washington Redskins. Go fuck yourself.  Sure, we'd be happy to take your money. Yup. Go to our Kickstarter page. Okay, nice, idiot. Uh huh, fuck you, bye bye. Yes, I know. Oh, cool. Please take a seat. Nice, I like that. Stop? But why? Uhhh, the trademark got pulled so I'm totaly free to use the name, actually.  Um, Butters, could you get that? How is it offensive? Guys, guys! We have total respect for you! When we name our company "Washington Redskins," it was out of deep appreciation for your team and your people.  Mmmm, noooo, Because I don't want to. Aaaand we can't just change the name of our company 'cause it's like super hard. But hey, from one Redskin to another, go fuck yourself.  Dude, this is sooo cool! We only have six days to go before all the money pledged to our company becomes liquid! Oh no. No, you guys. We started this company to do nothing. If we start doing stuff now, it'll put it all at risk! Digging in our heels and pissing on public opinion us what the Washington Redskins are all about!  Once you take a stand on something, you're pretending like your company is about more than money. Then all of a sudden you're the NFL and and your players get caught molesting little boys! NFL, Catholic Church, same thing! Okay, let's use the Catholic Church! You take a moral stand on issues, you say you're about honor and integrity, and the next thing you know, your clergymen are getting caught beating up their wives in an elevator! It's the same thing, Kyle! The point is, if we as an organization claim to be about high morality, somebody is eventually going to get raped or beaten in an elevator and it's most likely going to be Butters. Well, what are you gonna do? Go back to school? I'm not going back there, man! Well that's fine! You can't call yourself "Washington Redskins!" Well, I guess everything's out on the table now, huh Kyle? Stan? Do you think our name is stupid too? Well then, I wish you both well in your new venture. Good-bye.  Fuck youuuu, fuck youuuu. Fuck you up there! Fuck you! "Fuck you." Those words mean a great deal to us. They help us express just how we as a company... see things differently. There are a lot of startup companies on Kickstarter, but after today I think you'll agree that Washington Redskins is the most exciting. As you know, the Redskins have been on the forefront of Kickstarter as a company that is always finding new and exciting ways to tell people to go fuck themselves. And now, our company is thrilled to show you all the latest innovations we've come up with.  Goooood morning, guys! We made it, guys. We cab finally stop doing stuff and see just how much our company made in 4, 3, 2, 1 that's the deadline!  Kickstarter. Where is Kickstarter?! Get it up on the phone, Butters. Come on, I wanna know how much our company is worth! What?! Who the hell would burn Kickstarter to the ground?!  Oh my God! That weird little Jewy guy! Kyle! You son of a bitch! You broke Kickstarter! Nobody can! It's gone! You just couldn't take it that our company was more successful than yours would ever be! Well, somebody did!   It is really sweet. Fuck you! Fuck you, everyone. Yes, fuck you all, thanks!  How do you stay relevant in a volatile marketplace? As you know, our goal at Washington Redskins is to not do anything, and make money not doing it. You will literally be giving us money for doing absolutely nothing. It is the biggest "fuck you" we have ever come up with. But we didn't stop there, because a new company direction also means, of course, a new and improved logo.  I just might sit here until my ass fuses into the couch.  Whoa, whoa! What?  