 You walked right through my shot, mate! Do you know who I am?! God-damned smartass! Do you think you could  Oh! Get up! Get up, you little pussy!  Come on! Well, that was a lot of fun, wadn't it, kids? But it looks like if we're gonna get in more fights, we're gonna have to go look for 'em. Seems like no one else here wants to fight. ...lets ask our old friend, Tugger. Where should we go fight people next, Tugger? Great idea!   And so here we are in history-rich Ch-ooina.   -bloomin' Taj Mahal.  fight!  Alright everyone, we're gonna take our first commercial break. But be sure not to go anywhere, because there's lot's more people to beat up! ''Making movies, making songs 'n fight-in' round the world. [cut to Brooklyn, with the Brooklyn Bridge in the background. A lot of brownstones here. Russell has brought his schrub with him again. He approaches the camera]'' Oi! Now Tugger's brought me to one of the greatest places for foightin' in North America.   Why don't you choke on some pig vomit, you stupid sobs! Well?? You all just gonna stand there or are you gonna fight?  Oi! Crikey, you've done it now!  You fight like Norwegians, ya fairies! These are the Florida Keys, a remote island chain just a few miles from... Oi! Wait a minute! Wasn't I just in Brooklyn fightin' minorities? What happened with that? It's that God-damned editor! He cut the Brooklyn scene short! Tugger, I'm gonna get him!  Who the hell do you think you are?! I know you're the bloomin' editor! I mean, who do you think you are cuttin' one of my foightin' scenes short?! Moy foightin' is poetry! You don't edit Russell Crowe's poetry, you testicle!  Come on, Tugger ol' mate. Why are you lookin' so down?  Tugger's in a bit of a sad state. Seems his girlfriend and him had a bit of a row last night. Come on. Cheer up, Tugger. How can I make you feel better? I know!  How would you like me to sing one of the songs off me new album? What's that, Tugger? You say you '''really''' love the songs on my album? Alright then, Tugger.  ''You know that you're my baby. You know I need you now.'' ''I don't know where I'm goin', I gotta get there some, yeah gotta get there, somehow.'' ''Gotta get there somehow.'' ''You can stay away tonight, but I'm gonna sleep here, in my explosive clouds...'' ''SHOUT! Think I feel your heartbeat, can you feel mine... lady lookin' lovely, gotta take your love inside, gotta take it...''  Tugger shot himself! Tugger! Why'd you do it, Tugger?!  Doctor! Tell me how he is, doctor! You gotta save him, Doc! Tugger! 'E's my best friend! The only friend in the world who would-  Oi! Don't you interrupt me, you vag-oina! I was givin' a heart-wrenchin' soliloquy about me feelings for Tugger!  Oh, Tugger! Tugger, the world won't be as bright without ya, mate! Give it to me straight, doctor! Will Tugger live?! Tell me the truth! Yes, now's fine.  Crikey! Ol' Tugger looks healthy, happy, and  fit as a whistle! But you know, Tugger's attempted suicide made me realize that I should take up a cause. Most great actors take up causes, and I'm the greatest of 'em all! So, from now on I'm gonna spend all my spare time ...fighting cancer.  Right! Where is that pussy cancer anyway?! Well, we couldn't find cancer, but we found a man '''with''' cancer.  Take '''that''', cancer! And '''that'''! [punches the old man again] And so we'll be right back, after these commercials. Well, we sure had a good time today, didn't we, kids? We fought some Chinamen, a few peckers, and a lot of Colombians, to name just a few. But I sure am glad we got ol' Wally B. back. Aren't you?   