 Uh, hold it. Is that a Tween Wave band? Sorry, Stan. you know you're not allowed to listen to this stuff. I've told you what I think of this music, Stanley. You have plenty of other gifts to enjoy. Oh for crying out loud, I gave him a great party and that's all he cares about. Yes I do, if it's that stupid Tween Wave garbage! You haven't heard it? It's terrible! It's hardly even music; it just sounds like crap! This is different!  It's... not because I'm older. I'm telling you, our music is better. Fine, Randy!  Well, it sounds like crap, right?! Oh come on! That music sounds like shit! Admit it, Randy! You think it sounds like crap too! We're sorry boys, but we have all decided that as of now, none of you are allowed to listen to Tween Wave music. Stanley I want you to understand that even though I won't let you listen to certain kinds of music, I still love you. Soon you'll be old enough to make your own choices, but for now, I just don't want you listening to that stuff. That's very mature of you, Stanley. Goodnight, sweetie.   Randy, do you mind cleaning up the garage like I asked you? Stop pretending to like the kids' music, Randy! It's pathetic! You know damn well it sounds like crap to you too! Randy, don't you see what this is? You had dreams of being a rock star when you were younger, now you can't admit the next generation's music sounds shitty, it's called "getting older", Randy. It's okay. It's crap, Randy! It's so simple and stupid that anybody could play it!  Who the hell is that woman, Randy?! What the hell do you think you're doing?! Yes, it IS your fault, Randy, because you're a child! I'm sick of having to...for this! You're 42 years old, Randy! Oh is that what you think?! That I'm dead?! You do this all the time! First you're obsessed with baseball fights! Then you need to play Warcraft! Then you gotta be a celebrity chef!  Support what?! Another stupid dream of yours?! WHAT does our son turning 10 have to do with ''you'' making the same mistakes again and again?! I'm unhappy too. We both are, obviously. How much longer can we keep doing this? It's like, the same shit just happens over and over and, then in a week it just all resets until- it happens again. Every week it's kind of the same story in a different way but it, it just keeps getting more and more ridiculous. I want to enjoy it too, but... I can't fake it anymore. You just seem kind of shitty to me. People get older, Randy. People grow apart. 