Ike, where the fuck have you been?! Daddy needs your help. You don't want Mommy and Daddy to get divorced, do you?  You know how bad your mom is, she completely overreacts to everything. That's where your brother gets it from. You don't want to be like Kyle, do you?  Hey, buddy! Everything good there? No, it was your brother. I don't know what's wrong with him, Kyle. He needs counseling...  Shh, shh. Shh, shh. Okay, keep your voice down. Because it's fucking funny, Kyle. It's called having a sense of humor, and laughing. You should fucking try it once in a while! Because it's so not funny, God! Pushing people's buttons to get a reaction can actually be very good for society, Kyle. Listen to me, the Danish are fucking crazy. You have to get people to stop them. Go get people riled up. Call the President. I don't know. When you push people's buttons, they go and push other people's buttons. Now get out there and...  Oh thank god. There's been a mistake, okay?! I'm not one of  them. My son is Skankhunt42. Go online and see, he's still doing it!  That's a positive thing, right?! I wasn't doing it to hurt people, I was just doing comedy. It's different! Please, it's different!  You were right, Dildo, when you said I was a dick, when you called me an asshole. I am. And now I'm going to die alone, just like you said (starts crying again)  You said I was, though, 'cause I only trolled to be...funny.  Really? You don't think I'm a bad person? I'm sorry. All you guys, I'm sorry.  Excuse me. Hello? Could I please speak to the person in charge?  Please, just for a moment?  Oh, my gosh. Thank you so much for talking to me. I just really needed to get something off my chest. I'm so sorry. I had the biggest epiphany about the damage I've done, the people I've hurt, but the fact of the matter is I'm not really a troll.  I actually have a job. I'm a lawyer. I've got a loving wife and great kids. Uhm, I've got a family that really misses me and needs me. And that--that is so tragic. And I'm so sorry that she was driven to kill herself by trolling. It's--It's wrong. But, you know, I just sort of set things in motion. See, I'm a satirist. I challenge people's point of views by being sort of edgy.  And sometimes, people can be like "Whoa!" and mistake that for hate, but its not hate. Its pointing out hypocrisies in out society.  If you say mean things and you're mean, then I agree, you should be killed. But if you're being funny, which spreads joy -- It's not? And that was wrong, too. I certainly want to apologize for that. I-I don't understand. No way. You would--deliberately start World War III, let the people of Denmark die, set everyone on Earth against each other? Why?! That's not funny. You can't do this to people! It's not right! Waaiitt!!! 