Hello boys. Your mommy has a bacterial infection called C. diff. It's very contagious.  We need to take a healthy person's microbiome and start to grow it inside your mother.  Your mom is tough, kids. We're gonna do the very best we can, kids. Try not to worry.  [puts his stethoscope around his neck and goes to wash his hands] Well, young man, the truth is we still don't know a lot about the microbiome, but you shouldn't let it "freak you out." Yes, it's possible, but we don't know enough. There is no superfeces which can make you athletic and young. [turns the faucet off and dries his hands] [turns around and faces Kyle. "The spice. He knows about the spice."] [thinking, "More than pretty good. The spice mélange."] Nothing. [thinking, "It's unobtainable. The spice. But could he be the one to bring it here?"] We've got more sick incoming! Try and make some more room! [Moves over to Det. Yates] We have a major epidemic here, Detective. C. diff. has spread to half the town. We don't have enough staff or enough to supplies to keep up with it. Apparently, the outbreak started at a restaurant when some women got sick on everybody. The women contracted C. diff. by giving themselves DIY fecal transplants. No, they got sick from using this, [holds up a turkey baster] A common household turkey baster. It's a thing most people use just once a year, around Thanksgiving. The rest of the year it just sits in a drawer collecting bacteria, and then the ladies went and stuck it up their asses. It gets worse. We're completely out of healthy donor feces. Even if we found a donor at this point, it wouldn't be enough to give everyone transplants. With how contagious C. diff. is and how deadly, half of South Park is going to die. That's good. Stay still. Almost there. [stopping by to visit.] You ladies are pretty lucky. If it hadn't been for these little turd burglars here, you'd be dead. And also responsible for the deaths of countless others. Well, I think we've all learned something. One for the ladies is one too many for the ladies. [everyone laughs.] 