Whoa... That's pretty hardcore.  And that's all you know? what else did she say?  Oh my God, for two weeks?  Whoa... Oh my God! They're totally different! They're, uhm, you know, one is good and- and emos are horrible!  They're, you know... They're posers! That's a huge fucking difference! This fuckin' bitch, man. Goth's darkness is nihilistic whereas Emo's is cynical. No, see, you're nihilistic. What if she comes back, and she's all preppy and conformist? What the hell have they done to you? Nothing. It's like she's a totally different person.  Uugh, how could she hang out with them??  Hello? What is? Everything?  No way. I never thought it would end like this. I never thought that Goths would just be slowly replaced by Emos.  I promise. Not now, lady, we're really depressed. This is different, okay?! Our two friends are being bodysnatched by Emos!  There's only one other group who understands Emos like we do. We're gonna have to team up with the Vampires.  What choice do we have?! Yeah I remember. And it may be a suicide mission, but we have to walk right in the middle of the Vampires, and ask them for help. Ugh! You spit on me, Larry.  Uhh, hey everybody, uuhm, I know we aren't on the greatest terms right now. We realize we called you all queermos, and we're sorry we burned down the Hot Topic at the mall. But, uhhh, we have a bigger problem here, and it's ALL of our problem. Yeah, shut up Mike. Listen, okay? There's a camp that kids like us are being sent to, a-and somehow this place is taking kids like us and... turning them Emo.  Yeah. You might not even be able to tell at first. It could have already happened. One of you might already be turned. Uhhhhh, right. You know Henrietta; that thing in there is not Henrietta! We can't just go in there and kick their asses. We have to stop this thing at its source. This, is your plan? Try to summon Edgar Allan Poe back from the dead?! No, he was the original Goth, but he'd been dead for 150 years! Look, we came to you for help, and all you've done since then is waste our time!  Uhhhhh, okayokay, listen: there's this camp for troubled kids, right? Only they aren't helping kids, they're, they're purposefully turning them into Emos. Right! Thank you! I'm just saying it's nice to know that Edgar Allan Poe agrees with us. Okay, look, we're running out of time. You have to help us stop the Emos. Uh, yeah, it kind of does. Alright, listen up. Once we find our friend, we've gotta torch the place and get out. Cut it out, Edgar! It's annoying everybody! Michael?! You here? Dude! Michael, are you okay? Alright, we're gonna get you out of here, and then we're gonna burn this whole place down.  Ugh! Let us go, you ultimate conformists! Wait a minute. Where the hell is Edgar Allan Poe? What?!  What the hell are you doing?! You're supposed to be helping us! Look, we  summoned you to help us save the world! God, he is such a downer!  Nightpayne! Destroy the plant leader! The leader over there!  Hey, these ''are'' just plants. What??   Did you know about this? Uhhhh, Henrietta, we have some bad news. The plants you think took over your body and made you emo? They're just plants.  From Lowe's Home and Garden. Ahh, hang on. What I meant to say was  we just infiltrated the Emo lair and... we torched the plant leader. 