Ooooohh. Oh, hello, excuse me, but ''Craig'' is the biggest troublemaker in ''our'' class. Told ya! I wonder why Kenny didn't wanna take shop class?  You know, you guys are totally wrong about Tweek. Craig is way worse than he is.  Dude, if Craig and Tweek got in a fight, Craig would kick Tweek's ass. ''Yeah'', I'll bet. Five bucks. Craig, could I talk to you real quick?  Er, just a second, please, Craig. Craig, I'm not normally one to get involved in this kind of thing but, well, I was just standing over by Tweek, and, he called you a big poop-eater. Yeah. He said you eat poop, and that it makes your breath smell like poop, and that, eh, well, you like it. I don't know, Craig, I don't know. But now he's over there telling everybody that you're a poop-eater and he chooses you.  No, no! Craig, you can't fight him here; Mr. Adler would just break it up. Tell you what: I'll go tell him you accept his challenge, and set it up for after school today. You guys are so wrong about Tweek. He's gonna get his ass kicked. Why don't we just raise our bet to ''ten'' dollars?! Well, well, well, look who's here! Our little home economics friend, Kenny! Those sons of bitches! Craig, what the hell are you doing home?! You're supposed to be out fighting Tweek! Craig, you can watch ''Red Racer'' any day of the week!  Well, that's fine. I guess you don't care about what Tweek said about your mom.  Well, I guess you don't care about what Tweek said about your guinea pig. Oh, nothing, except that you stick it up your ass before you go to bed. Yeah, I'd be pissed too, so maybe we should reschedule the fight for tomorrow?  After ''Red Racer'', of course.  T'heh, ub. Look, make no mistake. Craig has been ready for this fight since day one. He doesn't even view it as a challenge. Hup. Did you hear that? It sound like some diarrhea coming out of someone's mouth or something. Don't call me fat, you son of a bitch!  When I have your guys' ten bucks, I'm gonna use it to buy the sweetest big-screen TV in the whole world. Well, if I get ten buck from each of you, that's like $2000. You're gonna be eating those words, asshole. Come on! What do you mean, what do you do? You just fight each other. You just hit each other, smack each other around.  I don't think ''that's'' very fair: if I teach Craig, he's gonna ''really'' kill Tweek.  I'm gonna have Craig learn martial arts! Fine!  Fine, that's fine! I'm ready!  Respect my authoritah!   Dude. Come on, now. Come on. I win! Hey, maybe.  The spirit of the dragon is in your hands. Hurshar kashurshar. Hurlong churshar. All right? Now, LISTEN to me! Hurlong kashurshar! All right?! And seriously: Hurlong kepur shung kwong! Come on, Craig! Come on, Craig! Time to kick his ass!  Come on, Craig! 'Cause we have ten bucks riding on it. Yes. You can flip us off, Craig. We deserve that. We just came by to apologize. We feel so bad. Oh, you didn't see it? Oh. Tweek's family was on the news saying what a wuss you are, Craig. Give him sucky, Craig, give him sucky! Hurlong churshar! 