 Alright.  Oh, uh, no, that, that's okay.  I'm, I'm good.  Not today, thank you.  Oh, come on. Look, I give money to charity a lot, okay? I do. I just don't want to every time I shop for food.  Look, if I give money every time I went grocery-shopping, I would be-!  Dick! Oh no, my, my fault. This is where I come for lunch every day. Gotta eat healthy to stay fit.  Great.  Uh, listen, before you ring me up, I just wanna let you know I'm not gonna be giving extra money to charity, so can we, can we just skip that part? Yeah, thanks.  No. I said no, before. This is not streamlined!  I can't. Dammit! The sandwich isn't coming out. I was having a nice day!  Yes. Yes, I would like to give a dollar. Yes, I will. This is a place where hope is scarce. These people are hungry. Little Jojo here might not eat today. But does that mean it's okay for cashiers to ask us for money while we're in the checkout line? It isn't right, and it isn't fair. Just $2 a day adds up to 62 goddamned dollars a month if you go to Whole Foods as much as I do. Nobody should have to feel the shame, the humiliation, of being asked to add money onto their grocery bill. Help now. Let's make grocery stores a #SAFESPACE for all. Together, we can make a difference. <poem><i>You might call me a pussy, but I won't hear you in my safe spaaaace.</i></poem> <poem><i>My safe spaaaace.</i></poem>  And this is Vin Diesel. It'd be... a really bad idea for you to charity-shame me today. These guys are here to protect my safe space.  But it doesn't stop there. People also can be shamed for other traits viewed as negative. Mike here was shamed for not being a good recycler. Let's work together to create a completely shameless America. Yeah, um, I'm a little tired because I'm actually hosting a huge fundraiser for my charity organization  that I'm sort of the head of. Yeah, we're gonna raise a lot of money. Celebrities are coming. Demi Lovato is givin' a hundred thousand for the event. I just thought, you know, a fundraiser dinner was sort of the appropriate place to ask for donations.  ...What? Did you not hear anything I said? I'm - I'm doin' all this stuff. Actually, my big fundraising gala is helping put hamsters through college too. You're welcome.  Alright everyone, thanks for coming to help raise money to stop shaming, and put hamsters through college. And now, a woman who knows about shaming firsthand, supermodel Gigi Hadid. What? Reality? Who let him in? Shit!  Alright buddy, let's go. Seagal?!  Listen, everybody.  I think there's a way to try and make this right for everyone. To date, Shameless America has raised over $40,000. With that money, we are putting more and more iPads into these people's hands.  We won't rest until America is completely shameless. The world can be brutal, but Shameless America is going to continue to take steps to make sure everyone has a safe space... forever. Uh huh.  