 Wow cool. Yeah, this is gonna be awesome. What the hell is that?  Dad, why did they do that?  Look, I really think it's time for us to do something. This is all getting way out of hand. No, not the song. I'm talking about the Japanese killing whales and dolphins. So? Dude, don't you guys care? We have to do something. It seems like everyone has an attitude of "that's just the way they are" or "that's just the way it is"! Nobody likes it, but everybody's too busy to do anything about it! You're not? Kenny? You don't care about whales and dolphins being slaughtered? You know, when all the whales and dolphins in the world are gone, people are gonna wish that at some point they had taken a little time to care just a little goddamn bit!   Yeah. Butters, do you wanna help?  People who are doing something?  Then that's where I belong. Sweet!  Yeah. Hell yeah! Let's do it! Whoa, wait wait, we don't wanna just lie about stuff. Well, 'cause then we're just douchebags, dude. Come on, they're right here. Let, let's get hardcore! Wait, that's it? Those guys are always covered in dolphin and whale guts. They don't care if they stink. Come on, let's break their boat.  I thought you guys were pirates in a war! Pirates don't worry about the law! You guys said you were badasses! What you assholes acted like you were doing?  Wait for it... wait for it... NOW!  No I, I don't really care about the TV show, I'm just trying to stop the Japanese from killing dolphins and whales. ...No, I don't care about the show. I just want people to know that you can stop the Japanese if you have some real goddamned balls! Can we please just talk about the actual whaling problem for a second?! Screw this, I gotta get back to work! Would you mind stepping back a little? No- Dude, we really can't take any more volunteers. Oh no, no, NO. Oh what? So now that I have a hit TV show you guys care about dolphins and whales? I asked you guys to help me and you said no! You said "Stan, me and Kenny don't give two shits about stupid-ass whales!" Look, if you admit that you're only doing this because you wanna be on TV, then I'll consider it! Admit you just wanna be on TV! Take us out of port! All hands to stations! As soon as we get there, we've gotta deploy the tracking device! We can't let those whales get hurt!  Oh the Japanese wanna play that way, huh?! What?  What? Dude, we're trying to get to some whales. Screw this! Turn hard to port!  Dude, fuck you! What was that?  It's like... they know.  They do know. They know everything I've been trying to do for them. Jesus Christ!  We've gotta get something to shoot 'em with!  I, I can't, I can't believe it. Will you stop that? Things are bad enough without you being a smartass! There's whales out there being slaughtered right now and I can't do anything about it, so just keep quiet! You speak English. Why do you do what you do?! Do you know that ninety eight percent of the world is against whaling?! Why can't you just stop?! Ummm, where did you get that picture? Dude, it wasn't actually and dolphin and a whale who bombed Hiroshima. It was the- Oh, right. Look, I... I think I can make everything okay here. Can I just use a phone? Dude, are you sitting at your computer? I need you to do something for me. Mister Prime Minister, Japanese officials, there's something you need to know. The photo you were given of the Enola Gay was doctored. Because the real bombers feared retaliation so badly that they... simply pointed the finger at somebody else. My government has authorized me to give you the original photo, unaltered, so you can finally know the truth.  A chicken and a cow. 