Okay, children, it's Friday, and you know what that means for PE class. We're gonna play dodgeball! So let's have half the children on this side   Play ball! Aheeheh, you're out, Clyde! Heheheh.  Concentrate on your ge-hame! ''Be'' the buhaw-hall! Great catch, Kyle! Now your team's on offense! Okay, that was pretty good, Pip, but you're supposed to hit the kids on the ''other'' team. That nose is bleeding pretty bad, Kyle. I think you might have to go to the nurse's office. Sorry, son. You'll ''have'' to let the nurse look at it. Come on.  Children! Great news! We've been asked to play in the State Finals for dodgeball! You-you don't understand, children. If we can win State, we can play in the Nationals in Washington, D.C.! That's right! Now, come on! We have a lot of practicing to do!  Now, who's gonna win the State Finals? I think we need to get off on this exit. But it's quicker to get to the Denver school ''that'' way! How many times do I have to explain this to you?! I'm not a student! You can't give me an office referral, and-!  Yes, ma'am. I'm Chef, coach of the South Park Cows.  Yeah. Dammit, come on! Somebody catch the ball! Great job, children! Just stay focused now. Whoa-ho-ho-ho! Great shot, Pip! You got just one more, Pip. You get this kid, and we are State Champions. We did it, children, we did it! We're going to Washington, D.C.! How much further is Washington, D.C.? I need to know how far it is, lady!  Yeah, whatever, you old, dried-up, fat hog. I said, "I've always wanted to visit Prague." Damn, man. This is the big time, alright. You can eat after the game. You children win this one, and you're National Champions! Then you can go on and play the Chinese. What? Yeah. What? We did it! Children, we won! Okay, children, back in the bus. Okay, children, now, we're almost to China. I want you all to try and focus on your game. Nonsense! If we win this one, we're world champions. And just what price would you pay for eternal glory? Just imagine: a big yellow "Dodgeball Champions" banner hanging in the cafeteria! Imagine it! You'll be in the news all over the world. South Park will finally have a sport that it's good at. Ohh, children, it'll be glorious! Hey, hey hey! Children, that's not cool! You don't make fun of somebody because of their ethnicity. No, no, no, no, no, that's different. I made fun of them because they are ''from'' China. You see, it's not okay to make fun of an American because they're black, brown, or whatever, but it ''is'' okay to make fun of foreigners because they are from another country. All right, let's go, Cows! Let's show 'em what we've got! Holy crap..! Goddamn...  Oh, what have I done? You know, Eric, I just realized something. I have been obsessed, and obsession isn't good. If we had won the world championship, what then? It would only be a bigger letdown the next year if we ''didn't'' win! Our lives would have to revolve around dodgeball. Our lives were fine before. Oh, I'm sorry, children. I let it all go to my head. Can you ever forgive me? Come on, forget this stupid game. Let's go home. Shut up, Pip. 