We win again!  Sleds are for guys. Look, girls don't even ''know'' how to sled. Do something else. You got it! No problem! Oh, boy! We'll show them! Dude, this is horrible. We gotta get Cartman out of court so we can go practice. Dude, if Kenny takes Cartman to Mexico, how are we ever gonna win the sledding race on Saturday?  Hello? Son of a bitch! Alright, guys. It looks like Cartman's not gonna be able to sled with us for another... 13 years, so in the meantime we need someone to race with us against the girls on Saturday. Come on, who's the second-fattest kid in South Park? Deal with it, dude! Cartman's gone, so now you're the fat kid. Dah, that's what they all say. Okay, ready? Go!   Nice going, fat boy! Okay, we've figured it out. To add more weight to the sled, we're gonna use these bricks , but we're gonna cover 'em with kid's clothes so that the girls think it's another kid! Come on, let's get it a try.  Yeah-   Ooh, my God, we killed Kenny. We Killed Kenny. We're bastards.  Nothing else is ''gonna'' work.  We have to face the fact that without Cartman we're gonna lose to a bunch o' girls. You know something, guys? I think we all took Cartman's ass for granted. That does it! We've got no other choice! We've got to bust Cartman out of jail! I saw a movie once where they baked a cake and put a nail file inside of it. Cartman, why the hell did you have to commit a hate crime?! We're gonna lose to girls because of you! Yeah, you stupid umbassday! ...Yeah. Sshh!  How are we supposed to give them to you? But they're gonna search you on your way back to your cell. Alright, here.  Wow. I really wish I hadn't sat here and watched that. That sucks that we couldn't give him the nail file.  There's only one thing we can do. We have to go see Token and see if he'll forgive Cartman for hate-criming him. Come on, we're running out of time! Yeah. You know, they bus in people from different races to our school to promote cultural diversity. Yeah.  Hi. Can Token come out and play?  Token, you don't wanna see us guys lose to girls tomorrow, do you? It's not? Well, why don't you tell the governor yourself?  Okay, go ahead and start. Oh, uhyeah.  Yes, over the past few years our great country has been developing new hate crime laws.  If a person vandalizes a government building, is it not because of his hate for the government?  Mayor, it is time to stop splitting people into groups. All hate crimes do is support the idea that blacks are different from whites, that homosexuals need to be treated differently from non-homos, that we aren't the same. That is our presentation. An idea that we call... Just wait. We got Cartman pardoned; he'll be here any second. Alright, where's Clyde. Get on the sled, you fat piece of shit! It's Cartman! All right! Let's do this! Come on! We've gotta catch up to them!  We're not gonna make it!  We did it! Yeah,. We're never gonna take you ass for granted ever again. 