Oh, thank you. And, uh did I mention I am a food critic for Yelp? Okay, I just didn't want you caught off-guard.  I was thinking of giving this place 5 stars.  Yeah, but I'm kind of teetering on 5 stars or 1 star. Ah I mean, I could probably be persuaded with some free desserts. Great, and can you turn down the music a bit?  This pagan shit hurts my ears. Oh hey, hey busboy. Busboy busboy, por favor.  Busboy! Ehexcuse me? Uhh, it's actually pronounced "David," okay? It's "David," dude. Look it up. Mmmhmmm!  Oh God, now everyone thinks they're a food critic.  Crispy risotto bites from Olive Garden. I'm a restaurant critic, Butters. I get whatever I want. EEWW.  What's the busboy doing here? Oh, cool. Are you gonna clean the tables here too? How do you get to school?  Do you ride your tiny bicicleta? Huh? Look amigo, I'm sorry I only gave your parents' restaurant 2 stars, but it could have been worse. I'm sorry, but the food totally messed my stomach up. The morning after I ate it I went to the bathroom and my poop was all solid. Like no water at all. It was like this one solid piece that I had to... push out my asshole. It was like being raped from the inside. Your parents' restaurant just wasn't up to my standards, David. David. David. David David David David! I can update this to a 1-star review in two seconds, dude.  ...Oohhhh God I love being a restaurant critic. Uhuh, I'm a food critic, Butters, okay? I can't just eat cafeteria food. Well, you are a little late, like, I dunno, maybe only  1 star late. Sounds good. Now get the fuck out of here. Yes, no no, you you're right, Kyle. I'm not important. Oh, hey David, I was just wondering, um, how do you get to school? Do you... ride your tiny bicicleta? Eh? What? I just want to hear him say "Sí, me ride me tiny bicicleta to schooool."  Hm hm hm the fuck?  Heyheyhey hey! What's goin' on, man? What are you talking about? I'm the most influential critic in this town. Okay David, forget the spill, just give me one little "My name is David. Me ride me biciceta to schoool"   It's all over, Butters. Everything I've worked so hard to achieve. All these hack wannabe food critics have made my profession a joke. All these people trying to be like me. And they don't even write about poop consistency the next day. I guess.  You're right, Butters. Maybe I can actually use all these people somehow to make... real food critics respected again. Not a part, Mom. I've invited all the poser food critics over for a meeting. It's not fun, it's serious. These people think they can do what I do, but they need to be, made to understand the reality. When the Yelpers get here I need you to get lost, okay? Okay, that's them, that's them. Go, get lost, Mom!  Fuuuuuuck!  Mom! But Mom, there's like a billion people here. Oh, this many people have nothing better to do than write reviews on Yelp?! Mom, there's a fucking billion people here!  Uh, thank you all for coming. My name is Eric, and as you know, us Yelpers are being scrutinized- Yes. Us Yelp critics are being scrutinized. Now, you see, the problem is that when there's too many reviewers, people no longer know who is the real food critic.  It's great that you all want to be critics, but we all know who the real food analyst of the town is. Okay. So, as long as there is one clear leader, then the rest of you can just follow. And with this many people all following  one captain, we can fight to get our power back! So now rise up, and  fight for your leader!! Fight together and show the restaurants that our food critic does matter!  It didn't do well with Yelpers. Oh come on, admit it. The food sucked. Look, I'm sorry goys, but Whistlin' Willy failed to recognize the influence someone like me has on their business. Now, I just have one question for you, David. Do you ride... your teeny, tiny, bicicleta... to school? Yeah, I'm done! I'm now the leader of thousands of people! They all hang on my every word!  And I'm gonna use my power to finally get what this town really needs. Oh, hello David!  ...wanted special privileges, but these people think I should have them! Right, guys? Maybe I don't deserve special treatment, but how else can I be the elite food critic they want?  Why thank you, David. That's good service. Mmmm, is that a jalapeño cream sauce? Hmmm. It's tart, but savory. 