Is what true? I don't have time for this. Try to understand this: all I do is try to help run student council. I don't give a crap about Smurfs! Maybe you guys should check into what student council actually does, before you just blindly listen to what some idiot with a microphone tells you!  I really don't care, Stan. I'm not giving Eric Fartman one minute of my time, you got that?! I'm not acknowledging his stupid questions. If you want him dealt with, you'll have to do it yourself!   Hey, what are you doing? It's okay Dad, I'll take care of it. Yeah, well, Butters peed on my house. If we could just keep it to questions about Student Council? Sure. Okay. I don't, I, I have no idea what- I believe there is a ...few things wrong with the school, but- Look, Eric, you have to understand. The Smurfberries were our school government's only option. What was I supposed to do? The school was running out of power. We tried relocating the Smurfs at first, but they wouldn't budge! So we decided to get somebody on the inside. A member of the school who could act like one of the Smurfs and learn their secrets. But of course you know that, don't you? I'm just asking a question. We all knew you were sent in to live with the Smurfs, but did you know they would be wiped out?  Nobody expected you to fall in love with Smurfette. You went to learn from them, but instead you became one of them, right? Fought against your own kind when you knew we'd stop at nothing! Do you know that one Smurfberry can power the school for two months? One Smurfberry! No, it's okay! It's all out in the open now. I wouldn't have had to kill the Smurfs if they would have simply moved on. But you gave them the will to stay, and I guess... you can't be blamed for that. And that is why... I'm stepping down. You were right all along, Cartman. And I am hereby making you the student body president. No, you're right. The students all deserve to know the truth. And so I have answered what really happened in my new book, ''Going Rogue on the Smurfs''. Luckily with the money I made selling the movie rights to my book, I'll be okay. James Cameron. Go look. The movie came out already. 