What?!  Hohoo, not in my county!  So then we need to go after the johns. We need to let the men of this town know that if they paid for sex they're going to jail!  We need an undercover cop disguised as a prostitute, so we can arrest any citizens looking for cheap thrills! Hey baby, you looking for a party? Twenty for oral, fifty for half and half, anal will cost you extra. Right here's good, sexy.  Now if you wouldn't mind handing over the twenty dollars for oral sex. All right, buddy!... Go ahead and unbutton your pants.  Oh that's all right.  You're busted, buddy! I'm a cop! This is a sting operation, scumbag, and you're going to jail for soliciting prostitution.  Got our first one, boys. I'm bringing him in for booking. No way! Let's just get to this, baby. So, you are agreeing to have sex with me for one hundred dollars, correct? Oh yeah, yeah, get those pants down. Oh, you're a nasty little fuck, aren't you? Yeah, let me see that hot penis of yours. Oh yeah, nice. Yeah, I'm ready when you are. Yeah, you like it? Yeah, you're a dirty fuck! Yeah, come on! Harder! Deeper! Yeah, teach me a lesson, daddy! Teach this little whore a lesson! Yeah, that's right! Yeah, you really worked it, Daddy. You really gave my little hole quite a...  STRETCH.  A wife and kids. And you're out here trollin' the streets for prostitutes. You make me sick! Take him downtown, boys. I'm goin' back on the street. Give it to me! Come on, you sissies, I can fit more of ya!  What?! No way! Nothing is more important than keeping prostitution out of our community!  Hey Daddy. Ye-yes, Daddy, I'm on my way. Be right there. Sorry guys, my daddy needs me right now.   Well well well, this must be the organization I've been hearing so much about. Took me a long time to find you. You won't believe the hardships I've been through trying to track you down. My name is Yolanda. I'd like to know all about your operation here. You see I just left my pimp recently and I'm looking for a new one? Well, I think that's about all I need to hear. You've got a lot of nerve coming here, Keshawn! After the way you treated me? I need a pimp that doesn't beat me every time he gets drunk! It's too late for that, Keshawn! I just told this pimp I was ''his'' bitch now. Oh Keshawn!  Babe, I love you too. Let's, uh, let's just be happy okay? I love 'em, darling.  FREEZE!! Ha! You're busted, buddy! I'm a cop!}} 