Of course. I know you, my child. Come in. You're good to bring this to my attention, Stan. Cults are a very dangerous thing. The miracle I'm most famous for is turning water into wine. Very well. I shall perform the miracle. Behold. Here you can see ordinary water, clear, clean. Okay now, turn around.  It is now wine! Wuh well, yeah. Oh. Well, I guess it worked a little better on people 2000 years ago. Then let's go. Oh,don't worry  I have a few more miracles up my sleeve.  Hold! My children, it is time for you to go home and stop following this false prophet. You should be using your money and time for other things. These are simple magic tricks. His magic is interesting, but will it put food on your table? Feeding the hungry - now ''that'' is a miracle!  Oh, really. Then what's this  Ace of Spades doing behind your ear?  Jesus Christ! His magic is too powerful, Stanley. I've never seen anything like it. I cannot face him alone. We must get the help of all the super best friends.  Buddha. Buddha, come in! Buddha, we may have a problem. I've just encountered a magic I've never seen before. Come, Stanley. We must travel far and long. Distances unfathomable to man. Yea, take hold of my robe, Stanley, and do not open your eyes. Are you still keeping your eyes closed? Good. Want some peanuts? Alright, Stanley. You can open your eyes now.  This is the hall of the super best friends, Stanley, the headquarters for those who stand for what's right. Stanley, I want you to meet some of the super best friends ; and Seaman, with the ability to breathe underwater and link mentally with fish. Here. I have a videotape of his performance the other night. Wait a minute. At his performance David Blaine said something about trying to get tax-exempt status. Not so fast, David Blaine! Yes! But this time, I've brought some help! Super Best Friends!  The mass suicide is ''over'', Blaine! And so are you! That takes care of them. We've gotta stop that oversized Abraham Lincoln! Mohammad!  Great Scott! There has to be a way to destroy it.  Jesus to Moses! Come in, Moses! We need to know how to kill a giant stone Abraham Lincoln.  You heard him, Super Best Friends! We've got to make a giant stone John Wilkes Booth! That should do the trick. Now for some concrete. Lao Tse, bring it to life.  It worked. Now freeze over the pool so no one else can drown themselves!  Your magic is no match for our powers combined, Blaine! Goddamnit!  Oh, shut up, Buddha! Well, it looks like everything worked out.  