Ww-ww-what's the N-S-A? The government watches everything we do? Hello?? Hey Government... It's me... Butters. Ah I just wanna say, well, well, thanks for watching over me and, and doin' everything you do. ...An and please watch over Mommy, and Daddy, ah an and my friends Stan and Kyle, Craig and Tolkien, and and even ol' Eric Cartman. Uh I know he can be a meanie sometimes, but please watch over him too. Goodnight, Government.  Oh my God. Oh my God they say me. They saw me and they're gonna be so angry! Maybe they didn't see me. No! No, they saw me, they see everything! I did something really bad. Really really bad.  Oh God, uh... but my parents always told me, "If you do somethin' horrible, then you have to admit it to your protector, so that you can have forgiveness." Are these people nice? Oh Jeez.  And I, I was at Barnes & Noble with my mom, and while she was looking for a book I, I saw this picture of Jennifer Lawrence in a magazine. Um it and I, well, I cut the picture out of the magazine while no one was lookin'. Dirty whore! I took the picture home with me and I, and-I, I cut Jennifer Lawrence's mouth out with scissors and then I... well I put my wiener through the hole. I have no idea why!! How can I atone for it?! I already said the Pledge of Allegiance 50 times! And I sang "My Country Tis Of Thee" 100 times! And I watches "America's Got Talent" twice! What else can I do? Sure, I love the Truth. Wull what's a Jehovah's Witness. Oh my goodness! Your little cartoon has a girl on fire! Oh, you shouldn't be handing out drawings like that, ma'am. Uh, don't you know that the government is watching you? Can I ask you something? When was the last time you went to your local DMV? Oh, you can walk there. Trust me, you've gotta go to the DMV. It's incredible! See, I was like you once. Afraid, unsure, and doin' stuff I shouldn't do like showin' people pictures of little girls with their heads on fire. But you know what I've learned? That just goin' to the DMV, and letting go of all my wrongdoings, filled me with a joy I've felt nowhere else! Would you like to read some DMV literature?  Hello, Craig. How would you like to know the Truth? We're just goin' through the neighborhood an' seein' if you've accepted the government into your heart. You see, Craig, once I came clean with the government, I no longer had anything to hide. Then I found peace. Have you read any DMV literature? Well, there's a lot of interesting stuff in here, Craig. There's even some quotes from President Obama.  Could you read this part out lout? Yeah. Whattaya think President Obama means when he says that? Well, ''we'' believe that he means the government loves you, and it wants to forgive you if you just let the government into your heart. Uh huh.  Uh, I don't think I really followed all that. Congratulations, Brother! How do you feel?  I pledge allegiance. Hello. How would you like to know the Truth? It's time to let go, Eric. Don't you see there's no other way? Just let the government into your heart.  Your government doesn't listen in on you to punish you, your government just wants you to be honest about your mistakes. Yes. Yes! That's right. We've got a new member today! Eric Cartman, do you love your country?! Do you pledge allegiance to the Flag?! Hallelujah! 