 Yeah, I know dude. I'm telling you, it was the worst pain in my entire life. Like six hours, dude. And my friends were all like "Dude, Cartman, we need you to keep playing defense!" Yeah, but I was like "I can't you guys. I twisted my ankle." In the end though, they really needed me to play, so I just played through the pain, you know what I'm sayin'?  Kyle, this is a private conversation. Yeah, it's that kid Kyle again. He's a total boner, always listening in on my calls. Stop listening to my conversation, Kyle! What are you, the NSA?! Lawrence, remember how I was tellin' you the NSA listens to everyone's phone calls and reads all our e-mails? Who is that? Is that Toby? Dude, Toby, are you over at Lawrence's? You're what? What, you say? I'm telling you guys, the government thinks they can do whatever they want, and we don't have any privacy anymore!  Just between you and me, I think everyone is too stupid to see what this is all leading to. Did you guys read "1984"? See, I didn't read it either, but I saw the puppet show version up at Casa Bonita. We have to do something about this! We need to organize a rally!  That'd be what? I know, right?  You guys gonna update your blogs too? Dude, I really can't hear you Lawrence. Are you outside or something? Okay, well put Toby back on the phone! You guys start Googling everyone the directions to the rally site. Toby, are you there, bro? Bro, you gotta um, e-mail Jack about the rally and see if he'll bring petition forms.  Oh heeell NO you didn't just invade my privacy again?! That is the LAST STRAW, Kyle!  Everybody! Everybody hey! Just so you know, we might have an NSA agent right here at our school That just so you know, the government is watching everything you do! Always watching! They say it's to keep us safe! But what price is safety, Kyle?  Dude, they have gone too far this time! There is no doubt the government is tracking me! We're gonna have to put off the rally. Yes, right here. I went to Amazon to see if they had ''Grand Theft Auto V'', and it says, "you might also be interested in the Blu-ray for Star Trek." I'm totally interested in the Blu-ray for Star Trek! How did they know that unless the government is keepin' tabs on mw?!  This is war, bro! Forget the rally, we have to go hard core! Alright, listen. I'm gonna get a job at the NSA, and then I'm gonna put all their secrets up on Twitter. No! Dude, I'm gonna sneak into their headquarters disguised as an employee, and I'm gonna-  Dude, my Twitter account might already be compromised. If I'm gonna infiltrate the NSA and get all their secrets out to the public, then I'm gonna need something better than Twitter. What, they already have something better than Twitter? No! What Alec Baldwin commercial?     Yeah, because the government won't respect my privacy. Just two so far: me and Alec Baldwin.   Yes, I'm here to apply for the NSA job? Bill Clinton. Oh well, must be a clerical mistake, but they are expecting me. I am extremely qualified, sir, and very eager to work.  I was um, sure that the appointment was today. Oh yes. Sooo this is where the government checks up on its citizens.   Hey, so um, as I'm going through people's e-mails and phone calls, um, how do I know which people to start with? Really? How big is my file? Uhh, that us, uhh, yo-you must have a pretty big file on Eric Cartman. All his blogs and e-mails have been watched for quite some time. Uhh trust me, he's not fat and unimportant. I think we need to change his status to "ripped and sweet."  'Scuse me. Excuse me! There's a very important threat to national security! We need to change Eric Cartman's status! Look, I am telling you that you are making a huuuge mistake! Eric Cartman is the NSA's worst nightmare! The Central Computer is wrong! You need to change his status!  Can't do anything?? You're the NSA! I don't know. Get their hands on what?  You think I'm fat and unimportant now?!  I AM Eric Cartman! And I've got news for you! This is all being broadcast LIVE on my Twitter Zeppelin, and on Alec Baldwin's new television show, via Shitter! ["Your secret is out, NSA! And now that everyone knows what you're doing to Santa you can kiss your program goodbye!"] You should have taken me out when you had the chance. Now everyone knows the truth! And everyone's gonna think I'm superkewl!  It didn't work, Mom! I infiltrated the NSA, and I was a whistleblower and I thought everyone would be super-pissed off at what exposed about the government, but nobody cared! Nobody cares if the government is listening in on everything! Nobody cares if Santa Claus is hooked up to a big horrible machiiiine! Well now you just sound like everybody eeeelse?!  It's not gonna be okay because now I'm a whistleblower, and against my conscience I'm gonna have to hide out in Russiaaaa!  I do toooo! Okaaay.  I just want hot tea and codeine, no lemon. ...The fuck are you talking about, Butters?  It's too late for me, Butters. I have to go to Russia and live with the Commie dwarfs. What's this? I can be forgiven? For everything bad I've ever done? And then all I have to do is go back to this place every time I do something wrong and admit it and I'm forgiven again?  Thta's pretty kewl. I do, I love my country! I pledge it! I pledge the fucking allegiance! 