 Randy, my wedding ring! I lost it down the garbage disposal! Stanley, I thought I told you not to watch this horrible cartoon! Here, Stanley, You watch nice cartoons like ''Fat Abbot''. Randy, will you please come get my wedding ring out of the sink? Did you find it? Don't snap at me! You snapped at me! What ever?! In fifteen years you've never said, "whatever," to me! I'm sorry, too. That's not it, you idiot!  You just said the C-word! What are you doing, sweetheart? You men are all alike. First you get a cookie and then you criticize the way I dress and then it's the way I cook! I suppose next you'll be telling me that you need your space and that I'm sabotaging your creativity. Go ahead, Stanley, get your God-damned cookie! Randy, let me handle this. Now Stanley, I want you to explain to me why you were passing notes in school. You really should know better, Stanley.  Don't interrupt me! You always interrupt me when I talk! Can't you see that I--? There, you did it again!  He interrupted me again.  Like you're one to talk! When's the last time you really listened to what I had to say?! Like I'm a ghost. Like he sees right through me. Oh, please yourself! He is. Oh, I'm sorry! I guess I'm wrong again! Stanley, I think you should know that your father has moved out. Because, we're divorced, Stanley. Yeah, kind of. But I would like you to meet your new stepfather, Roy. I'll leave you two alone to get acquainted. Stanley, it's time to go! Your bastard father has visitation rights, and this is his time with you. Come on, Stanley!  Stanley, what did you do to Roy?  Stanley, you know you're the most important thing to me, right? Now Stanley, you have to understand how divorce works. When I say, "you're the most important thing to me," what I mean is, you're the most important thing after me and my happiness and my new romances. Bye now. Roy! Stanley?! Your father is coming over for visitation! Stan? Oh, Randy. What are you doing here? Oh I thought that note was for me. Well, it looks like our little Stanley has built himself quite a clubhouse here. Goodnight. Yes? It's too late for games. Truth. Oh, Randy, I do love you, but- now I'm so confused-uh. I'm living with Roy and-, I don't know how to break it off with him. Maybe. I guess it's my turn. Truth or Dare? Do me. Right here in the clubhouse. 