If there is anyone out there tonight who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible, who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time, who still questions the power of our democracy, tonight is your answer.  It's been a long time coming, but tonight, because of what we did on this date in this election at this defining moment, change has come to America. Sasha and Malia, I love you both more than you can imagine, and you have earned the new puppy that's coming with us to the White House. We will name him "Sparkles". Where we are met with cynicism, and doubt, and those who tell us that we can’t, we will respond with that timeless creed that sums up the spirit of a people: Yes We Can. Thank you all for your support. If you don't mind, I'm gonna spend the rest of the evening getting some much needed rest.  Senator McCain. Ohoh man that was ''perfect''!  You played it perfectly, there was no way. Always workin' the angles. The Hope Diamond, rated #4 of the ten most precious diamonds in the world. Going street value, Middle-Eastern market, of course, two hundred and ten million dollars. Almost ungettable. The diamond is kept in the Smithsonian Natural History Museum, long considered to be the most thief-proof structure ever built.  There's simply no side of the Smithsonian that can be breached. Can't get it to from the top because a polymer shelf runs the entire expanse.  We've spent ten years putting this plan together. If we are indeed the greatest thief club in the world-  -we won't get caught. Just checking out the new digs. How are you guys? I'd like to see the Oval Office, please? I don't waste time, gentlemen. I've only got two months to figure out how I wanna redecorate, if you know what I mean. You know, change the drapes and stuff.  I will need absolute privacy, is that understood? Thanks.  All right, McCain. I'm in. I'm already on it.  Boom baby. I'm in the tunnel now, Sarah. I should be almost below the museum. God she's awesome. Oh no.  Is there a problem, gentlemen? Why wouldn't it be? I'm sorry, but I asked to be left alone? My wife?  Michelle, there's something I need to tell you. The laser system guarding the diamond was replaced by an optical relay three days ago. Did you catch that, Davis? Did you really not like pretending to be married? Come on. You have to admit we had some fun.  4:45 a.m., Michelle hacks the optical relay, allowing me access to the rear doors. 4:46, from inside I can open the doors and let in the rest of the crew.  5:10 a.m., at the Department of Power Quincy shuts down the grid, disabling power to the vault room. 5:12, my grandmother who faked her death on Monday calls in a bomb threat to the museum. 5:13, the guards open the southwest door, checking the museum for any bombs.  Michelle and I head back into the tunnel and the hole is patched.  5:15 a.m., I walk out of the Oval Office with the diamond securely hidden in my anus.  We hired a guy for that a couple of months ago.  Hey uh, you guys go ahead. I just came to say goodbye. I decided to hang it up, maybe give this President thing a shot. Could have been I didn't make that flight.  What do you say, Michelle? Would you and your girls like to move into the White House with me? You know, settle down, just be President and First Lady for a while. Who knows? Maybe we could change a few things. What do you say? 