 This is the last fucking straw!!! I AM GOING TO FUCKING KILL EVERYBODY!!!  This stupid school and its stupid principal have gone too far this time!!!! No, I didn't do a damn thing!!! Nothing!!! I told you, this school is a DEN of SNAKES!!! You're not gonna believe what they did this time, you guys!!! Oh, you think I'm overreacting again, huh?! No!!! Not this time!!!  You remember the school physical we all took last week?! Well, the school put the sizes of all our penises up on a big chart in the school hallway!!! Yeah they fucking did, Kyle!!! Because they don't fucking care!! I've told you this!! They don't give a shit about the students, and they live to make us miserable!! Go look for yourselves!!! There, you see?! Can you fucking believe it?! Yeah, dude, look at it! It says right there: "Eric Cartman, 1.2 inches"!  Why would they tell everybody that?! They wanna measure my wiener?! Fine! But don't put me on blast! No shit, Sherlock! My dick isn't 1.2 inches either! It ISN'T! This is another conspiracy by the school faculty! They're trying to stir up some big thing again, get all the girls all heated up - freaking out - over which boy has the biggest schlong! This has to be dealt with! Oh, there's something we can do about it alright! If they're gonna put us on blast, they're at least gonna get the numbers right! We are going to remeasure!!  You see, witnesses? That's .2 inches more than what the school said. Nice one, Clyde. Alright, next?  Alright Butters, let's see what you got going down there. Butters, I don't have time for this! I can't wait if your wiener is pulling a Scared Turtle. Alright Butters, looks like we haaave 2.- wow, 2.4 inches. Really nice, Butters. Alright, that's everybody. Let's go post these numbers.  What? What, Kyle? I measured mine this morning. See? It's right here at the top.  Yeah, it's pretty good. Well what are you guys going to do?! Use a tape measure and measure my penis yourselves?! Are you homos?! Okay, fine! Whatever! Go ahead!  There, you see? My wiener ''isn't'' 1.2 inches, it's 1.4!  Clearly I'm very happy with the size of my wiener, or else why would I have called for a new measurement, and for this poster to be put up at all?! Don't forget that this was all my idea! Oh, Goddamnit! Let me guess: I'm in trouble again! For what?! Why did YOU measure our penis sizes and put the results on the school bulletin board?! I don't care if Obama IS President! You don't go around putting little boys on blast, telling the whole world the length of their DICKS!!! You're damn right! One point two inches! I'll have you know that my penis is a respectable 1.4 inches! Maybe it's still the smallest in school, but it's 0.2 inches bigger than you said!!! What? Those weren't our dick sizes? I don't know! Why would you?!  Aw crap! You mean everyone knows my wiener is smaller than everyone else's because of me?! Oh God. Why couldn't I have just taken a minute to think about it? Fuck you! No I don't! Honestly, I wouldn't really care.  I'm not fat. I'm big-boned. Why the fuck am I here?! Are you saying I have problems like these fucking people?! Oh, that's cool. My penis is 13 inches long. Yeah dude!  Yeah! Burn it down, dude!  The Jews! No, and fuck Kyle! Yeah, dude, they aren't gonna give us what we want! Wait, what?  Wait! According to that scale, I still have a small wiener! I'm still fucking angry! 