What we need to figure out here is, are we dealing with maybe a little bipolarism? Some rage addiction? It could be a lot of things. Let's try a little experiment. I wanna see maybe what kind of things... trigger you, Eric. Okay? How do you think you would react if I said some negative things about you? What if I were to tell you that I think you're fat? I think you're a fat little boy. I think you're waaaaay too fat for your age. Does that make you feel any anger? Huh, fatty? Jelly-belly? You got jelly in your belly you little fat fuck? You get a little flash of anger when someone tells you you've got tits like a 40-year-old woman? Fat boy?!  ...Huh. Well, I just don't see it, Ms. Cartman. Your son doesn't seem to be triggered by anger at all. In fact, I'd say he's one of the more even-tempered children I've ever seen. Excuse me.  I want to congratulate all of you for making the effort to come to anger management class. Together, we're gonna learn what makes us angry, okay? And how to better deal with it so we don't get ourselves into trouble anymore. Right. See, what we all need to do is chaaannel our various reasons for anger, and learn to control it. Well, Eric, because I know you want to... control your anger and become a better person.  NO! No! I'm not saying that, at all. Please I, I'm just saying how a-, amazing you are for wanting to... l-lessen some of your more... less awesome attributes. Okay, what we're going to do now is get to the root of all your anger. Daniel, could you stand up please?  What makes you the angriest, Daniel? Okay, great. Chase, could you stand up and pretend to be a stupid-ass blind liberal?  And what makes you angriest, Chase? Okay, Daniel's a scrawny-ass sissy, he just cut in front of you in line at the bank. Go!   Does... everyone here have an issue with their penis size? Hmmm. We all want to welcome our new member, Randy. Say hi to everyone, Randy. Now, we've all been trying to channel our anger in more constructive ways, Randy. Why don't you share what's bothering you? Mr. Marsh, this is what we're here to try and work on, okay? If you take a minute to think about your anger, and give-  whoa! Whoawhoawhoa!  'Scuse me. Excuse me, let me through.  Look, we all get angry, but when someone is consistently angry or always finding new reasons to be angry, it means they have a very very very very small dick. Isn't there? Isn't... there? 