Oh dear. Did they measure from the base or from the balls?   I'm a scientist. I think it's best I handle this. Hello students, my name is Dr. Marsh, and I'm gonna talk to you a little bit about what happened at the school yesterday. How do a man and a woman... make a baby? Anybody? A man and woman, what do they do to make a baby? How about the little girl in the brown coat? Yeah you. Good! The man puts his penis  Follow along with me on your study sheets, kids. And so, by dividing the weight and the girth of the penis by the angle or the- what do we call it again? The yaw? The yaw of the shaft? What we finally get is the adjusted penis size, or, T.M.I. Any questions so far? Yes, little girl over there.  Example 1, young lady. Please read the problem out loud  Four point four inches... Seven centimeters... Great! And so divide by the 17. carry the 1, and we can see that Randy's adjusted penis size, or T.M.I., is... 6.3 inches. Do we got that? Randy's length is 4.4 inches, but his adjusted length is 6.3. So how does our example person "Randy" compare to others on the T.M.I. scale? By referring again to the T.M.I. chart, we see that a T.M.I. of 6.3 is .8 inches more than the national average.  PUTAIN D'MENTEUR!!!   Aw, suck it! All o'ya! You just don't go around changing math! Who the hell is this chick surgeon general appointed by Obama?!  Power to the people! Burn it down! Burn it down!! No dude, fuck you! We're burnin' this shit! Yeeaahh! Yeeaahh!     This is a call to all angry people! We've had enough! We're gonna hit the government where it hurts! Right in the Federal Express! We're angry about this stupid liberal government and fascist lies, media- control, and the- Yeah, Jews! And all this stuff that the government's doing! Well first of all, we want that surgeon general to step down! And we want- Yeah, we want to see Obama's REAL birth certificate! And um, Yeah, we want our moms to stop trippin', man! 'Cause the bitches be trippin' all the time! And I think that- uhh,  is that it? Oh yeah, and fuck Kyle! Surgeon general's resignation, Obama's real birth certificate, moms to stop trippin', and fuck Kyle! You got that?! Or else we're gonna bring the Federal Express to a grinding halt! No. No, that doesn't matter!  Fuck, really?! Rrrr! 