 Whatcha got? So, what's the problem? By God, so he is. Black and rich. Time to take this Mr. Jefferson down, just like we did Kobe. Let's go people! We've got another rich black guy. I want him humiliated and dragged through the dirt, and I want it done by the books!  Murphy, you inside? Johnson, what about you? Frakes? All right, when this Jefferson guy shows up, arrest him fast and try not to beat him. There could be neighbors with video cameras.  Why do we do it, Harris? Why is it that us policemen around the country have such a passion for framing wealthy African-Americans with crimes they didn't commit? Twenty-five years I've been on the force. I've seen every kind of sick, depraved act known to humanity and still, when I see a black man walk by who has more money than me, I... want to vomit my gizzards right in the gutter. But why? Maybe there is no reason. Maybe there's just a big blue ball out there that's mostly covered with water and we're just goin' along for the ride. Hey Har- Har- Harris! Harris! It's Jefferson! He's back!  All right, people. Let's give Blacky a nice welcome home. Whoa, wait a minute!  That guy isn't black! Holy God, his son isn't black either! Oh Jesus!  This is Yates! Stand down! I repeat, stand down! Suspect is not black! You son of a bitch, you told my this guy was African-American!  Does that look like a black guy to you?!  Jesus Christ Monkeyballs! We could have made an innocent man go to jail who ''wasn't black''! Oh! Wuuugh! Wuugh! Ohaugh. Ugh. Jesus, Harris. What are we becoming? We're supposed to... protect the people. Where have we lost our way?  To hell with you! I'm never gonna frame an innocent man again! Unless I ''know'' he's black for sure! I'm givin' up, Maggie. I'm quitting the force. None of it makes sense anymore.  I don't even know if what we're doing is right. The last thirteen hours we've been working on a case, trying to get a real scumbag off the streets. And when he walked up to the door, I could have sworn he was white. Maybe I can't tell the difference anymore. Maybe it doesn't matter. Because it seems like every time we frame a rich black guy, he's back out on the streets in no time. It's just like OJ. Do you know how hard those cops worked to frame him? The tireless hours they put in?! And then he just gets off because somebody messed up and said the N word out loud too many times. I guess I'm just tired. I'm just damn tired. And you're a good wife, Maggie. You know me better than I know myself.  Think I've got a little more work to do.  Hello, this is Sergeant Yates over at the Park County Police Department in Colorado. Well, we've been trying to frame this guy who just moved into our town, and the fil-o-fax says he moved from your area. One Martin Jefferson? Well, he doesn't really look that black. You say he disappeared? What did you frame him for? Molestation, nice. That's damn fine police work, sergeant. Damn fine.  Jesus Christ Monkeyballs! It must be the same guy!  Freeze, Jefferson! The gig is up! You are wanted for child mo-les-tation!  Well, if you're gonna give away all your money, then, I guess we can drop all those charges. No point in putting another poor black man in jail. 