I'm having the best time! This is it you guys! We know what our calling in life is now. Tomorrow we are signing up for wrestling class!   Why did they have us put on long underwear. Yeah! Yeah, what are you? A child molester? Yeah, this guy probably wants to take pictures of us naked. Yup. We'll see about that! You don't come to this country and make fun of it! I served my country! I fought for two years in Vietnam. You have no idea what you're saying Juggernaut! Irene loves me and I'm gonna marry her! What?! If you love Juggernaut, Irene, then tell him what you did two years ago! How you killed his child! Irene, you said you loved me! Holy crap dude, there's a huge turnout tonight. Only a country like yours can breed men of such discontent, Rad Russian. But you don't know what real pain is! PAIN! Like I've known. Abandoned when I was four years old by my parents. Left to die in a cold and dark sewage tunnel! From the professional wrestlers we saw in Denver? Vince McMahon is coming to see us? Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod!.. Alright it's time to start the second act. Let's bring the crowd back in from intermission and then improvise some stuff for Saturday! Here he is, hiding in the forest as I told you.  What do I do? Juggernaut is my long lost brother.  Yeah? He's right. Dude, it's really hard to do your best wrestling when you're up against Tolkien. And Butters and Jimmy I mean, they're okay but, they're never gonna make it as professional wrestlers. Somebody who can do the harder stuff we've written so that Tolkien, Butters, and Jimmy can have smaller parts. Yeah yeah, not bad. Damn dude, that is some badass wrestling. He's here, Ohh my God  Omigod omigod omigod omigod omigod omigod omigod omigod omigod o- Juggernaut? Juggernaut, hey, what's goin' on? Heyhey whoa, you shouldn't be fighting anybody. What about your cancer? It's ''Triceratops'', and he's with Irene.  No, you can't possibly mean that-! Irene, there's no way we could let you here, and I'd let you do something informal like that. When are you going to face reality, Congo? Just because you were raised by panthers doesn't mean you are one! Dude. What??  Fuck you, Jimmy! Don't go pointing fingers at me, Cartman! You have no idea what you're talking about, and it wasn't...  