 Uh, kids! I need your attention! We're doing an emergency drill this morning, m'kay? M'kay, now, we haven't done these in a long time, but we need to be prepared if the Russians decide to nuke us. Now, when you hear this sound...  The Russians are nuking us. ...then you need to quickly and calmly get out of your seats and get to the gymnasium, m'kay?   Come on, we're getting nuked! Everyone to the gym! It's our only chance! Under the bleachers! Go! Come on, move! Everyone's going to die! M'kay. That was... 22 seconds. That's not bad, m'kay. Now, if this were real, we would just all stay here and wait to hear from our government and maybe, maybe listen to some appropriate music. Like we did back in the ‘80s. Oh, yeah, yes, of course, PC Principal.  Yes, that's right. We are going to be prepared. VHS is still really the best format when you think about it.  Enjoying it? My job is to have this school ready. Kids need to know what Russia is capable of. Оставь меня в покое (Leave me alone). No, but I've watched ''Hunt For Red October'' like 200 times. No, you – you're right, of course. I'm – I'm over-reacting. M'kay... What are you up to, you piece of shit?  Uh-huh, m'kay, that's nice. That's good to hear. Why don't you just, uh, sit there and tell me about it? Uh huh... Yeah. Yeah, that must be tough. I'm sorry to hear that, m'kay. M'kay, we – the what?  M'kay. Butters. Don't move your head. Uh, uh! They're probably watching us, so keep acting like you're asking me for help. That's good. Now listen carefully. What did your parents tell you? Jesus Christ... M'kay! Well, Butters, you know sometimes troubles at home can be bad, m'kay.  I need you to tell me everything you know about dressage. Don't shoot... I-I'm just the school counselor... Mr. Stotch? What the hell are you doing here? Mr. and Mrs. Stotch, you know—your son has been having some problems on the playground at school. Well, you know...bullies, and, uh, pressure for marihuana, you know, with— Don't fucking move! Now, I want some Goddamn answers! I'm not the traitor! Since I found out the principal is a Russian spy. There's something very big going on here, and I think it involves your son.  I think I understand what's going on now... The Communists are gonna use the pony show as justification... to fire the missiles. Hi, mom. Mom, I need to use something in my old room. Mom, I think World War 3 is about to start. I'm gonna do what I can to protect our country!  X equals "The Russians are nuking us." Print X, goto 10. Run. We're running out of time! Take missiles to DEFCON 2! Get out of my room, mom! Gawd! Get outta my rewm!  ‘Course I'm not m'kay! But you wouldn't understand, ‘cause you're a grown-up! Things used to be so much simpler, mama. There was a good guy and a-and a bad guy. And we all... sort of came together and loved our country...not like it is now. How'd you know about that, mom? You're right, mama...I've been bad. No, I'm bad— Let me—let me through! Let me through! I know! It's amazing!  You know...the past few days, I've been re-living the past. But during this tournament, I started to change. And I just wanna say to the Russians—that if I can change, then yous can change! I know how it is when you're gettin' old, you know, and you're gettin' aggressive because your dick doesn't work the way it used to. But just because our dicks don't work doesn't mean we should go back to the way things were. In the immortal words of Sting—we all share the same biology. Regardless of ideology. 