I'm Robert White, Jason's father, and I can tell you that as a White, Jason lived a challenged life. When I look out on this congregation, I can't help but think, "There's not a whole lot of people here." Doesn't seem like a big deal. Nobody's outraged. 'Cause it was our family. Nobody cares when a White gets killed by the police. There should be protests and marches, but NO. The police killed a White! That's not protest-worthy! Everybody's busy trying to lock up Randy Marsh! Now my wife and I have a dead child and we can't even get any weed to make us feel better! Yeah, don't listen to me. I'm just a White.  Oh, isn't this lovely?  Our son was killed by the police. Would have been nice if somebody had brought us some lasagna. You know, if I'm not mistaken, it almost seems like you people are happy that Tegridy Farms is being indicted. It's almost like you're reveling in it. My wife and I were both Tegridy Plus members! We always believed in Randy Marsh. We believed... in Tegridy. And now there's less Whites. Now there's less Whites.  Yes? Oh, honey. Look at the Peruvian hairless. Hey, what's this little guy? Hello, little fellow. How would you like to be a White?  Yes, it's good us Whites have each other, Alejandro, because... I need to tell you something. You see, now that you're a White, life isn't gonna be so easy. You're gonna find that a lot of people in this world just don't care about the Whites. That's my little White.  Oh, turn it up, honey. Uh, he's absolutely right. Starting tomorrow, the Whites are gonna start actively trying to stop all this trial nonsense. Hey!  Why, he's trying to call Mexico! Alejandro, the Whites do not use mobile devices after 7 pm. The Whites don't call long distance!  Well good job, Alejandro! Now you've upset your mother! Help support Tegridy Farms and Randy Marsh! Randy Marsh has done nothing wrong! Stop the ridiculous persecution!  Good one, honey. Alejandro! There's few enough of us as it is! We're not gonna stop this trial unless all the Whites chip in!  Oh, I know. It just...  he just doesn't seem happy. Maybe if we got him a little thing to take care of and feed he'd understand how much responsibility it is. See one you like, Alejandro? Now that you're a White, you can pick anyone you want. Do you like him, Alejandro? Alright, Alejandro, but you have to take care of him and clean up after him. Yeah.  Now there will be more Whites to stop those needless hearings. Nothing in these hearings will change the Whites' minds one bit! What? Alejandro, what have we told you?! All Whites wear sunscreen! Put it on right now!  ¡BIEN, GRACIAS! ¡¿Y TÚ?!  Alejandro! Get down from there this minute! 