 Hi!  Mars rules! Just thinking about how much we could accomplish if... people weren't so close-minded.  He's not a bad person, Heidi. You're right. You're right, Heidi.  Hey, Broship. You got a minute? Just a second. Please, Kyle? Okay,  come on, Baby. Kyle Kyle, I know you haven't had a serious girlfriend, but you've stop caring about seeing each other in the bathroom.  I remember not that long ago, Kyle, when you told me in this very room I believe, that you were going to prove who the troll was no matter what. Do you remember that, Kyle? Where's ''that'' Kyle?  I wonder what the old Kyle say about this Kyle. I wonder if old Kyle would be pretty disgusted right now by who he's become. Heidi's been working with Denmark now, Kyle. I want to show you what she's done. It's gonna change the way you think. Like you said what you would do, Kyle, except she actually meant it. She's funny too, Kyle. You're not giving her credit for being hilarious. Hey man, can we have a quick chin wiggle? Look, the other day when you said Heidi wasn't funny, that was pretty lame, man. 	Oh my God, will you let it go?! Why do you have to have this hangup against women?! 	You do, Kyle! You have to think about the things you say! They matter!  Yeah, to catch trolls.  Well, Heidi doesn't actually use the Internet. We've sworn off that stuff, so it's kewl.  No, it sucked! I'm gonna send Butters an e-mail right now.  How can they make what ''I'' said on the Internet available to the public? That's bullshit! 	I gotta go!  Not kewl! Not kewl!  It's all falling apart! Weak! I-I, I don't know. It's just hard. And I do.  I think it was over the summer I went to see the new ''Ghostbusters'' movie. And, and during the movie I was like "Wait, where is my phone?" and I couldn't find it; and then Jimmy said "Ha ha ha, screw you, Cartman," and he was holding my phone and he ran off with it and said, "I gonna send a bunch of texts and emails from your phone so that everyone thinks it's from you,"; and I was like "No, that's not cool!" and he said "Yeah," and he said a bunch of mean stuff before I went to go get him and I took my phone back; and I'm just worried th-that people look at my Internet history, they're gonna think all that stuff came from me! So you totally believe me? 