I'll do it. Butters, could you take a seat, please? Butters, we have to have a very difficult conversation. Well, in the, in the months since our friend Kenny died, you've really stepped up as a friend and "filled the gap," so to speak.  Yes. Well, Butters, it's just not working out. I'm afraid we're gonna have to let you go, as our friend. You're just tooo... Lame, yes. Yes, well, we weren't.  Who cares?  Uh, as you know, our friend Kenny died a few months ago and we are still looking to fill the void with a new friend. Now, you've all been selected as possible candidates, but unfortunately, there is only room for one of you. So Stan and Kyle and I will be spending the next few days going out with each one of you and narrowing our choices down. Until we think we've found the perfect friend. Are there any questions? Clyde... ... okay. Now, the first thing we have to do is cut the list down from twenty choices to ten. And so today we will all be going to the amusement park together to see who we want to cut. Please keep in mind that this will all be videotaped, so put on your best friend faces, and may the best friend win. Oh, and we will be needing a ten dollar per person entrance fee.  ...Yeah, I've only seen that kid in class, but he never does anything. He's more like a prop.  We decided to get some one-on-one time with Jimmy and ride the log ride.  That was definitely big points for Jimmy, you know, but, but then we got to the ride itself, and...  All right, everyone. It was a tough decision, but based on our time with you all at the amusement park, we have whittled our choices down to ten.  Kyle, will you announce the people we want to stay? Just one more rose left, Kyle. Who does it go to? All right, the rest of you, thanks for coming. Get the fudge out!  Next? Okay, so now we're gonna see how you all work as a friend during classtime. Your performances will be judged primarily on how you help us cheat and give us answers. So good luck, everybody. Alrighty then.  Uh, what's the question again? Five times one is of course... Five.  Oh yeah?! Well, you're a stupid Jew!  All right, everyone, the time has come for us to narrow the list down from ten to six. But first, let us just say that the people who we didn't pick were only not picked because they totally sucked balls. Kyle? Just one more rose, Kyle. All right, those with roses will move on to the swimsuit and talent competition. The rest of you, get the fudge out!  Ooooooo, somebody's a sore loser! Clyde, I believe I said, "get the fudge out!" Which means, kiss mah fudgin' ass, go fudge yourself, fudge ya, get the fudge out, Clyde!  Next please. If you were our friend, how would you keep us entertained? Very nice.  You don't drink tea at a baseball game, you French piece of crap! All right, that does it! Pip, get the fudge out! Next!  Hey, what's wrong with the Jumbotron? I think Towelie is awesome. Yeah, but Timmy can be really self-centered. Tolkien's a smartass. Yeah. Do we really need another one?  Oh, thanks Jimmy. Alright Jimmy, see ya.  Well, this is it. We have made our final decision and one of you is who we will be spending our childhood with, as our new friend.  Four friends, just one rose. The moment of truth is here. Kyle? Who does the rose go to?  