Leave me alone! Get out of here, all of ya!      I don't know, Dad, ah I was just pissed off, I guess! I don't suppose it is, but I don't give a darn! Why don't you shut up, Dad, and stick it in your ear, for cryin' out loud!  It's not?! Yeah?  Hey yeah, all the time. Will somebody tell me what the frickity fookshmere is goin' on?! Uhbu-but I'm from here. We're from Hawaii? But what does being Hawaiian have to do with me acting like an emo chick on her period? They won't let me on the plane. Why, I can't do anything right!  I'm not intoxicated, you skank! I'm just "deligerent" because of my hapanuanalua! Can't you see I'm in horrible pain?! Do you have any idea what-?!  Uh yeah, I uh, I'm not sure where I'm supposed to go? Oh, ah, I'm not a tourist. I'm a native Hawaiian.  Yeah? Oh thi-this is my friend, Kenny. Oh please, i-if it weren't for him I couldn't have come. You folks are all native Hawaiians too? What's "saimin"?  Whoa, it's like gasoline!  Hey, uh now I do feel butter, uh better. I've never done this before.  Aim... my anger! Stupid   No! Kenny's my friend! He's the only kid at school I actually like, you buncha jerks! He won't betray us! Will you, Kenny?! Kenny, be careful! Kenny! Well I don't know about the rest of ya, but I'm sick and tired of bein' pushed around all the time! I came all the way down here for my hapa noa ceremony, and I can't even have it, 'cause the fucking haoles have to ruin everything! Well if you ask me, the only good haole is a dead haole! With a, with a stick up his butthole, and his wiener cut off! Rraahhhh!  Stupid! Greedy! Haoles! Kill! Them! All!  Surrender?! No, the heck with that! Well I won't do it, you hear me?! I'm not licking anybody's... testes! No! This is our home! And I'm sick of everyone who thinks they're better than me just 'cause they've got good looks, and just 'cause, even after massacring Daredevil, they happen to come back and hit a home run that everyone likes! You shouldn't be able to be good-looking and be with Jennifer Lopez and be a good director!  All right all right fine! ''Argo'' is a good movie! There, I admitted it! I told people that it didn't hold up, but it holds up god darn it! Ben Affleck has everything, GRAGH!  Yeah, I guess so. Except it still doesn't change the fact that Ben Affleck gets to be handsome, talented, and then gets to go home and kiss Jennifer Lopez. What? Really? But I thought I was totally jealous of him. He's just married to Jennifer Gardner? Oh my God, I feel so much better.  Yeah, ogh, I like that Ben Affleck guy. He's a good filmmaker. Come on, Kenny, I guess I owe the kids at school an apology.  Did you see ''Argo'', Kenny? It's a pretty good movie. Ben Affleck has a lot goin' for him. Not everything, but a lot. Whoopie! 