Sharon? Stan told me you took away his music CD at his birthday party. Well, do you really think we should be telling our son what music he can and can't listen to? Tween Wave? Sharon, come on. Don't you remember being younger and having our parents say the music we liked sounded like crap?  ...So. Here we are. Now we're the old people who think the younger generation's music sounds like shit.  "Back in my day our music was better! Not this garbage the young 'un listen to. Warber warber warber." I'd love to. I'm not an old fuddy-duddy, Sharon. I'm still cool.  Uh... NO I mean...  I like it. No, it's just... young and hip so you don't get it, Sharon. It doesn't sound like crap at all! I think it's awesome!   Ugh, that's so unfair! Yeah it's good! Yeah it, it doesn't sound like that to us. What? Get out of my room! I'm listening to my music! Gau! No it doesn't sound like crap to me!  That's not true! I think Tween Wave music is complex and awesome and it speaks to my youthful rebellious spirit, Sharon! Anybody could play it. Do you really think so? Hey everybody. Wanna thank you all for coming tonight. My name's Steamy Ray Vaughn and here's a little bit of Rattlesnake.  No, you just don't understand Tween Wave 'cause you're old!  City bog. Too much, too much city bop. Too much too much too much  City bop! City yeah!  Thank you! Thank you so much! I'd like to uh, bring up a special guest now. The other night I was chatting in a Tween Wave chatroom, because I do love Tween Wave so much, and I uh started chattin' with this nice lady who also really like her kids' Tween Wave music and... turns out she's a real talented artist as well. Please welcome Miss Steamy Nicks. Yoyoyo!  You don't get it, Sharon! You never have! And that's supposed to be my fault?! I'm sick of everything I do being so wrong, Sharon! I'm not dead yet Sharon, but you might be! Why can't you ever just support me?! Face it Sharon, our son turned 10 and you feel old! Because I'm unhappy, okay?! I've been unhappy for a long time!  I don't know if I've changed or you have. I just feel like I might not have a whole lot of time left and... I want to enjoy it. You kind of seem shitty to me too. 