Well let's just suck it up, guys. All we can try to do is have a positive attitude about it.  Heheh! Look at Kenny. He's so poor, huh you guys? His family's so poor they couldn't pay the three ninety nine for the gym outfit.  Heheheheheh! Look you guys, a Jew on a rope. You know what they call a Jew on a rope? Hey whoa, we are here because the average score was low. That's about all of us. Wow, Craig. I can't believe you just went there. Here we were having a perfectly nice conversation about Kenny being poor and Kyle being a Jew, and you just decided to go 9/11 and bust out the fat quip. Oh my God! Why doesn't everyone just back off?! I know how this works: You're the 99% ganging up on the 1%! Jesus Christ!! The 99% is totally ganging up on me! Ngh, and then, and then Wendy said that they were the 99% and I was the 1% and that made me not keeeewl. I know, Clyde Frog, but now the 99% is saying everything is my faaault. What do you mean, Peter Panda? Thanks Polly Prissypants. I'm just so scared that all the kids at school are gonna be talkin' about me behind my back. What? What?! WHAT?! What are you guys talking about? What are you guys doin'—What are you talking about? I knew it! You guys are having a big 99% rally, aren't you?! Occupying the cafeteria?! You wanna know why you guys are all here protesting?! Because you're pissed off, but you actually think it's wrong to be pissed off at a black president, so you're all just pissed off at ME! Well go ahead! Have your little rally to figure out how to stick it to the 1%! See what it gets you!  Mom, have you been here all day?! Somebody's been in my room!  Fucking 99%ers! What did they take?! Am I sure?? Look at this place!  Clyde Frog! No.   I've known Clyde Frog since I was two years old. He was a fighter, a visionary. But most of all, Clyde Frog was the perfect friend. He never said anything. He never had his own ideas about what he wanted to do. He just sat there goin' along with whatever I wanted. A noble trait that seems lost on you 99%ers.  And now we live in a world where one of you has decided to become a murderer. Well whoever you are, I'm sure you're sitting there right now, in your little green hat, with your left cheek resting against your hand thinking, "I'm not getting away with this, am I?" Because whoever you are, maybe you still have one little piece of humanity left, covered up and tainted black by years of Jewish propaganda and left-wing lies. Maybe you should just- Got something to say Kyle?!  How ''do'' you murder a stuffed animal?! You tell us, Kyle!  ''Fly, fly little dove, to the welcome arms of Christ above. Your tears are finally gone to-'' Fly bu-what?  Five dollars has been donated in each of your names to the Clyde Frog Foundation. ''Fly fly fly...'' Oh fine, go on and leave! I'm gonna find out who did this to Clyde, and I'm gonna have your fuckin' balls! ''Fly to Christ.'' Thank you all so much for coming. I realize that Clyde Frog's death is as shocking to all of you as it is to me. I know that I'm awesome and keewl, Polly Prissypants, but it has little relevance at the moment to Clyde Frog's murder! What do you mean, Rumpertumskin? Yes, sit down, mother. We are all having a tea party. That's an excellent point, Muscleman Marc. Please continue. So then, we are all going to need some... more tea. What the hell?!  AAAH!! PETER PANDA!!  Peter Panda! Don't try to talk, Peter Panda! You're gonna be okay!  Noohoho! Peter Panda nooo! This window locks from the inside, right? And this door has a lock on it too? Don't worry Polly Prissypants, you're gonna be safe here. In this day and age, black people are just impervious to being fucked with, so we will be alright. Tolkien, please. You're the only person I can trust. Because in today's time, black people are somehow incapable of doing something wrong. What do you wanna watch, Polly Prissypants? Muh uh, 'cause I'll tell my mom on you when our parents get home. Naw uh, 'cause my house got burned down, so everyone has to feel bad for me.  What is that? WHAT IS THAT?! What?! Who?! I thought I was safe here! Stay there guys, I'll be right back!  Who's there?!  Aha! I knew it was you, Kyle! Oh sure! Stephen Tamill? The fifth grader?  Where are they Kenny??!! HAAAAGH!   Hello??  Muscleman Marc! AAAAAAAA!! AAAAAAAA!!  Polly Prissypants! Rumpertumskin!  Who did this to you?! Don't worry, I'll get you down! AAAAHAA! AAHAAAA! Rumpertumskin!! RUMPER  Rumpertumskin... WHY? Why did you do this?? Polly... Polly Prissypants... You did this? ...You got rid of Clyde Frog... You burned Peter Panda!  They were your FRIENDS! Polly Prissypants, when people find out we did all this, we're gonna get in total trouble! There's one problem.  You say I have to grow up, to get rid of all my dolls. You forget one crucial thing, Polly Prissypants. That nobody would possibly blame Tolkien for all this because in today's day and age you can't blame a black person for anything. Noho! I've lost every stuffed animal; I won't lose you too!  Goodbye, Polly Prissypants. I love you. 