 Aww, books? God, I hate those! Oh really? Sweet. Oho man, I can't wait! No on, come on, let's read it now! Whoa, you're telling us this book is filthy, inappropriate, and made a guy shoot the king of hippies?! Can we please read this right now?! Motherfucker!  The whole thing! I read the whole fucking thing! I kept thinking, "alright, I guess the cool offensive stuff must be coming," and then after like a hundred pages I was like "alright, I guess all the dirty stuff is at the end," and then I got to the last page, and I was all "the fuck is this?! I just read a book! For nothing!" They fucking tricked us, that's what they did! Tricked us into reading a book by, enticing us with promises of vulgarity!  We know, we were just saying that. It's not obscene, dude! I'll show them fucking obscene! Yeah, we could get a book banned way more than this one. The Tale of... Scrotie McDickinass. It was a... a warm spring morning.  Hehehhh, you're dead, Kenny! ...so why are we all fucked? They'll think you wrote it all. And if I'm going down, both Kyle and Kenny are definitely going down! Butters, what are you up to? Yeah, you remember that book you wrote? Stan's mom found it. Dude, the book you left with us when you were sleepwalking last night! That's right. Butters, what the fuck do you think you're doing?! Butters doesn't deserve any credit for Scrotie McBoogerballs! We deserve all the credit! That inconsiderate jerk! There are no underlying themes! We know that for a fact! There is no point! It's just because Sarah Jessica Parker is fuckin' ugly! All right you guys, I know what we have to do.  We've got to kill Sarah Jessica Parker. Think about it, guys. If somebody kills Sarah Jessica Parker, then they'll assume that somebody did it because of what was in the book. Then the book will get banned. Shhh.  We don't have to kill her, we can just help her get killed. Kenny... we only have to help her get killed and then we totally get back at Butters.  See any hunters yet? Doing good, Ms. Jessica Parker! Just hang out, right there. So what? Oh dude, sweet!  People are gonna want Butters' head on a platter! What?! Oh come on! Dude, people are pissed off at you, Butters. That's good, Butters, because, we need to tell you something.  You were sleepwalking again and dressed Sarah Jessica Parker up in a moose suit. You left her in the forest and she got shot by a hunter. Yep, sorry. You're gonna have to come down and admit it was you.  