Indeed! What? Well... well yes, of course! That's what the Super Adventure Club does! Noo, no, that's the Adventure Club. We're the Super Adventure Club!  Next week, we'll be heading to the outer banks of the Amazon, where we will make camp and have sex with children of the Ugani tribe, then it's off to the mighty Himalayas, where we will climb K-2, and molest several Tibetan children on the east summit. I know, but it gets even better! From there we will kayak to the fruitful banks of the Mele River in Africa, where the secret and mysterious Hanimi people have children who have never seen a white man's erect penis. Of course, we're always looking for kids to have sex with on the plane rides over to these places, so how would you ALL like to join the Super Adventure Club! No? Oh really? Perhaps I should ask you again?   Well, so long then. What? What thing? I don't see anything.  He's safe.  He's fasting in the Deprivation Room and being read the Super Adventure Club manual. We've got to undo the damage you've done. We don't need him, he needs us! Our club offers hope. Do you think we go around the world molesting children just because it feels really really really really good?! No! Our club has a message! And a secret that explains the mysteries of life! Very well. I'm now going to tell you the secret of the Super Adventure Club. You see, the Super Adventure Club was founded by the greatest explorer of all time, William P. Phinehas!  But now the most wonderful part. You see, after having sex with all those children, Phinehas realized that... molesting all those kids... had made him immortal. He discovered that children have things called marlocks in their bodies.  Is it any more retarded than the idea of God sending his son to die for our sins? Is it any more retarded than Buddha sitting beneath a tree for twenty years? Well, now that you know our club secrets, it appears you ... leave us no choice. I'm afraid we're going to have to... ask you to leave.  If you choose not to leave, then I'm afraid we're just going to have to ... call security and make you leave.  Okay, you know how like, when you want people to leave but they won't leave, it's really frustrating? Cool people leave before they've overstayed their welcome.  Take these boys to the door.  Haha! Look they're being led by security! Haha!  What the-? Impossible! I made them leave! Stop them!  Stop!   You sought adventure! And why do people seek adventure? Because their lives have become dull and empty! Don't forget all your training, Chef! Stay with us and your life will be GRAND and ETERNAL! Yesss. Looks like our fruity little club is safe after all.  We can't lose another member! Shoot it!  Pity. He would have made an excellent child molester.  Is it working? Is it working? Get him in the ICU suit! Hurry!  Chef, can you hear me? Say something. Yes, go on. Oh? You mean like chocolate candy? Yes, YES! Hahahahahahaaa! 