Aha, and I'll have the City Chicken. Okay, Not-Kenny. Dude! That's today! Excuse me? Could we get through here? Dude! Did you really lose all that weight eating nothing but sub sandwiches?  Them? Oh, "A I D ''E'' S," aides. Well, that's not really what you say in the commercial. But you're lying to people. If they knew that you didn't eat just all the sandwiches you want, you might not be so popular. It matters, dude.  That penisbutt didn't lose weight eating sub sandwiches. He lost weight because he ate less of them and exercised. Tha- that's diarrhea. That's a great idea! But Butters isn't fat. Yeah dude! You'll be just like Jared! ''City Wok brought him down to a size 4.'' Chef, we need Butters to gain about fifty pounds fast. Yeah, none of us wanna marry Butters. You have to! Here, have some more mayonnaise.  Twenty-two point three years. That's how long it takes for something tragic to become funny. Wow! He looks great! Nope. We wanna show the world how healthy your food is. Our fat friend here is going to lose forty pounds eating at Shitty Wok. Because ''then'' you can pay ''us'' to use our friend in commercials. Yeah, we're all set. Well, what do you mean? Wow!  Yeah, you're still fat! Why are you doing this to us?!  Okay, it says here the operation begins with a one-inch incision in the ab-do-men on the left side just above the hip. Okay, now put one end of the tube a half an inch into the incision.  The liposuction is a process of siphoning out the excess fat.  Alright, it's working! It's out of control!  To City Wok so we can make our money. God! Yep. Wow, that was pretty good. We have great news! Our friend has lost forty pounds eating your City Wok food. Here's the before and after photos. Uh, why not?  You're all making a mistake! Aw, just forget the whole thing then! Yeah, but you know, I've learned something today. It would have been wrong to exploit Butters' weight loss. Because then lots of fat people would have believed it. And then gone and eaten a ton of Chinese food instead of dieting properly. They'd still be fat and, we'd be responsible for their shattered dreams. 