Alrighty everyone. We just have a few things to go over before we head out to the reenactment battlefield.  First of all, I have great news. There are over 200 folks from around the state that have come to see this year's reenactment, and that's the best turnout ever! I'm also very proud to announce that this year's alcohol sponsor, Jagermin's S'more-flavored Schnapps, the schnapps with the delightful taste of s'mores. And now, to clarify how the reenactment should unfold, let's bring up our master historian, Grandpa Marvin Marsh,  the only man old enough to have actually seen the Civil War... reenactment of 1924. Now remember, everybody: for a good reenactment we've got to pretend down to the last detail that we're really in the Civil War. So when the North wins, all of us on the Confederate side should act all bummed and depressed.  ...And with that, let's all go to Tamarack Hill and put on a good show!  Fire!  Alrighty everyone.  We're going to do the entire reenactment again, because of some confusion ''over the bell''. Now, I know you're just trying to help Eric, but we have to let the Union capture the bell this time. Wuh. Well, 'cause we're supposed to lose. What??  By God, he's right! Yeah, I've been reenacting this war for 22 years now. And for 22 years us Confederate reenactors have had to spend the evening being ridiculed and made fun of by the Union reenactors! Well, I'm sick of it! And I say it's high time we kicked some ass! Who's with me?!  Surrender your men, general! [yells] '''SURRENDER YOUR MEN, GENERAL!''' The South wins!  Aw, come on. Have a little sip.  Huh? They don't?!  You know what? I'll bet we could take Topeka right now and clear them all around! I'll bet we could, too!   Is that a challenge?! I'll bet we can! Pussies?! Oh yeah?! Men! It's time to show the world what the Confederate Army has got! We're gonna take Topeka once and for all!  All o' you men. You may have lost in the Union today, but join us now and win back your pride! Let's go! Ccchhhhaaaarrrrggggeeee! It's ours, it's ours! We've taken Topeka!  Blouach. Hey! There's some more schnapps over here! Medic!   Where to next, General? Well, I guess uh Fort Sumter in South Carolina. That's where the Civil War really escalated. Welluh, that sounds great. I'm gonna get some s'more schnapps. You want anything? Um, sure.  What the-? Ey, where's the s'more schnapps? I guess we drank it all.  Ned, I think I can say without any doubt that that was the longest drinking binge we've ever had.  Well, come on everybody. We've got to get to the nearest bus station, quick. We're goin' home kid. Come on.  Yeah? Well, I don't think the bus station is too far from here. Well, uh I guhess ''one'' little cheers is in order. Hey, look! Ned's doin' his trick again!  You heard the General. Charge! We got it! The fort is ours!  What do we do, General? We're outnumbered. Wow, look at that! The entire state of South Carolina showed up!  Hey, government! You can't ignore our anguished cries anymore! You hear that?! You Government?!   Boy, we really got the President by the balls. Good thing you have that videotape of him and Marisa Tomei. Hey! Who's that?! Ey, General, he's reenacting Jefferson Davis! You can't talk that way to a superior officer! All right! Well, I think we got what we wanted.  Lincoln and Davis signed the treaty, General. The war is over. 