Hello there, children. How's it goin'?  Everything's fine?? Why?? What?? So ''that's'' why all you children are acting so damned boring! Damnit, children, you don't need drugs to make you pay attention in school! In my day, if we didn't pay attention we got a belt to the bottom! Now they're tryin' to cure everything with drugs! Oh, it makes me sick! Those damned psychologists prescribe all kinds of medicines to you children without even carin' about the side effects. Parents, I called you all together because I think you might be making a mistake puttin' your children on Ritalin.  I know you wanna help your kids, but I brought over a videotape to show you that there are alternative' to Ritalin. There's this doctor in Northern California who is doin' real amazing things with kids who have ADD. I want you to watch this tape.  Well, what do you think? I can have Dr. Shay come to South Park for a small fee. What the...? Dammit! Have you all been taking your children's Ritalin too?! Awww, fudge it!  The what? Hold on a second: you children ''want'' to go see Phil Collins? Oh my God!! That does it! That Ritalin has affected your little cracker brains too deeply! I'm going to go see that damn pharmacist!  Yes you can! What the hell are you two doin' prescribing all the children Ritalin?! I know what it is! But now you've got a town full of zombie children from the planet Zandor. All around the country, you bastard doctors are giving children Ritalin! And for every one child that actually needs it, you give it to 50,000 that don't! You're damn right I'll tell you yo' business, because you two have got your heads up your asses! Thanks to you, we have children in our town that like Phil Collins! That's right! You've made them so dull and boring that they're actually going to go to a Phil Collins concert! Well, how do we reverse the Ritalin?! Then we need an antidote! Alright. Come on, we've got to get the antidote to all the children. Quick!    Come on, drink it down. It's free.  She's gone! Thank God!  I think it's working. 