Would you look at that? It's just incredible, isn't it? Well, believe it friends. The impossible has happened.  Kenny has a girlfriend. Her name's Tammy Warner. She's the only girl in school whose family is actually poorer than Kenny's. It's really kind of beautiful if you ask me.  Butters, what's the problem? That bitch! Kenny gave his heart to her, and she's just gonna throw it in his face! Kenny.  Your girlfriend is a notorious whore. She even gave a kid named Dave Darsky a B.J. in the parking lot of TGI Friday's. Your girlfriend's a slut, dude.  He took it pretty well. The Jonas Brothers? Dude, Kenny, what the hell is wrong with you?   Kenny! You're gonna let a girl put her mouth on your wiener? Do you know how disgusting that is? Girls' mouths are full of germs!  Just because you have condoms doesn't mean you're safe, Kenny! Statistically speaking, the most bacteria-ridden place on the planet is the mouth of an American woman! And you're gonna let that near your penis? Well well well, here he comes. It's B.J. McKay and his best friend Bear. Purity ring?  ''Grey's Anatomy''?! Kenny! What kind of douchebag garbage are you watching?!  Wanna, wanna get high sniffin' paint? Kenny?  Motherfucker! "Jonas Brothers talk music, faith in God, and purity rings." These Disney douche bags are the ones causing all this!  Hey! Hey, those Jonas Brothers are assholes! This whole thing is a freaking sham! I see what you're doin' now! You're tryin' to sell sex to young girls and then confuse them by  The hell did you do to us?!  I told him... A woman's mouth is the most germ-ridden place on earth, I said. Statistically the most unsafe place for a man to put his penis, I said. And knowing is half the battle.}}  Hey guys. Good morning.  You guys... hear that another rape victim got saved by a superhero last night? They say it was the Coon. I know, right?  "Who is the Coon?" It's what everyone must be asking themselves. Somebody is dressing up at night and taking the law into their own hands. As for me, I certainly don't agree with the Coon's reckless ways. If you ask me, there's no room in this world for vigilantes. I believe the Coon is a menace.  You're a fag, Kyle! Fuck you! He's not a fag!  Kenny? And of course the most common question asked is, just who is he?  What we all need now is PROOF... that the Coon exists. I believe that tonight from approximately 5 to 5:45 the Coon is going to be on the roof of Walgreens. I know I'll be there with ''my'' camera. And I'm sure... many of you will, too.  Tomorrow is the most important day in the Coon's life. Everything the Coon has lived and fought for comes down to tomorrow. Concentrate.  Hunh! I got boned! That's what I did, Mom! I try to do good stuff and nobody even notices! I can't tell you what happened 'cause it's about my super secret double life!  Wha, what?  What?! Fuckin' butthole! You gotta be kidding me!  So, guys! Any of you do anything ''interesting'' last night?! Really?! Nobody was playing with any ''fireworks''?!  Aha! Kenny! I should have known!  Unless you ''are'' Mysterion! What?! Why? It's not a cool costume! He just wears his underwear over his buttfucking pants! Now, come on, which one of you guys is it?!  Fucking bitch...  Oh my God, look everyone, it's the Coon! And where has all the money gone? It must have gone somewhere! The answer is obvious, my friends! It is the Jews! Covetous Jews who have taken all our money and hoarded it for themselves! Hidden all the cash in some... secret Jew cave that they built, probably back in the early 60s! It is the Jews, my friends, who are oft...  Hengh!  Don't you fraternize me! This is all your fault, you know! The Jews took all the money away, and they ha-! Just tell us where the cave is, Kyle. I had a dream last night. I was in a field, and I had ''Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars'' right next to me. But then the sky went black and ...''Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars'' just... melted in my hand.  Did somebody say "catch a Jew"? The person you're after might be hard to get, but I can bring him to you. And all I want in return... is ''Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars'' for handheld Nintendo DS.  Go ahead, Kyle. Oh, man, I thought that day would never end. Dumb?! Phillip farted in somebody's face super hard! But you don't know who until this week's episode! No! No, nono, you're right, Bebe! Farts totally aren't funny.  Let's get to my house!!   Ah ah ah, that's my seat, Craig. It's my Goddamned house, now get your bitch ass on the floor!  What? What the fuck is this?! Dude! What the hell is this disgusting crap?! No! No! As a matter of fact, I will not hold! I've been on hold for thirty-five minutes! Well we want some Goddamned answers, that's what we want! Like why did you show that smut instead of the Terrance and Phillip conclusion, you asshole?! You wanna tell me what's funny about two women shooting air from their vagina into a man's face?! No! No! See, some of us were eating when you showed that! Clyde threw up on his way home! What makes you think you can put that kind of filth on television?!  You know that little kids could have been watching that?! What kind of network are you running there in Canada?! Don't call me buddy! I'm not your buddy!  And to that end, by resorting to filth and garbage, the Canada Channel has thusly... Yes, that's good. Hey Butters. How you holding up, man? We got you a present, Butters. I'll put it here on your nightstand 'cause none of us want to touch you since you got queefed on. You're going to be the face of queef abuse, Butters, so that we can make people open their eyes. Last week at our school, a girl queefed right into our friend's face. That is why we are here to tell you  it's not a joke. Sick! Stop it, lady! ''It's time for equality. We must give them the respect they deserve.'' Hey Jimmy, what are you up to?  Yeah well, ya wanna do somethin'? I wanted to hang out with Stan and Kyle, but they're all pissed off at me for somethin' so I have to hang out with you.  Alright, well maybe I can help you, you know, we can totally write some stuff together.  No, that's not that funny. Let's try something else. No, no. Polacks aren't that funny dude. Try somethin' else.  Meh.  Dude, if I'm trying to be creative, I can't eat fruit. Doesn't your mom have something more substantial to eat? Yeah, I like fishsticks. What, dude, you got something? Yeah. Yeah.  Fish dicks! Aw dude, that's funny as shit! I think we're really onto something here. Let's try it out on the guys. Okay okay, shushushuh, okay, shush, check it out. Uh hey there Clyde. Say Clyde, do you like fishsticks? Do you like to put fishsticks in your mouth?  What are you, Clyde? A gay fish? Tolkien, Tolkien, got a question for you:  Tolkien, do you like fishsticks?  You you like putting fishsticks in your mouth? What are you? And then it was on Leno and the Jimmy Kimmel show! Dude, that's our joke on national television. Nya nya nya nya nyaaa nya! We are comedy writers and you guys aren't! Ha ha ha ha haaa ha! Jimmy, I've been thinking: We've got to patent the fishsticks joke. Yeah dude, there's lots of people out there using our joke on their shows. We should be getting compensated. Dude, fuck that! Maybe you were writing jokes for people's amusement, but I don't work for free. I'm gonna talk to a lawyer so we get what's coming to us!   Motherfucker! Jimmy, dude, did you see?! Carlos Mencia is taking credit for ''our joke''! Yeah dude. I told you this would happen. Now look, I got a lawyer to draw up some patent papers. We've got to sign these so that people know that the joke belongs to you and me! But Jimmy, some fat turd is taking credit for something he didn't do! What?! Jimmy, that's messed up. We decided that day to write together. Don't you remember? Hey Jimmy, wanna hang out? Team up? Okay, let's write some jokes together. Do we like fishsticks? What does she think we are? Gay fish?  Look, exactly who came up with which part of the joke isn't even relevant. We had an agreement Jimmy. And if you wanna go back on that now, well then you're no better than a Jew. It's cool man, it's cool.  Hey Kyle, can I talk to you for a second?  You do?  But, I'm sure I helped come up with the joke. Didn't I? Hey Jimmy, what's up dawg? That's cool. You wanna write some together?   Cool, thanks. Let's get to work! Now let's see... something that's a play on words, I don't know... fishsticks. You know, 'cause it, 'cause dicks. Oh thank you Mrs. Valmer.  Now let's see... The setup could be... "Do you like fishsticks?" So then I can say, "What are you, a gay fish?" It's a dragon of some kind! Don't worry, I can save you all!  Thanks you guys! Nnnope. No, I definitely helped write the joke. All I can hope is Jimmy doesn't try and Jew me over. Hi Ellen.  Thank you, thank you. No, really. Thank you. Ellen, comedy is like a game of racquetball, you know? You serve, and the other person hits it back. It bounces off the wall, you backhand it. And it goes back and forth and back and forth and then hopefully you've got a good joke. Thank you. Truth of the matter is that there has never really been a team like us before. I mean let's be perfectly honest: a lot of people wouldn't work with someone who's disabled. But I see past that. I look beyond Jimmy's disabilities and find ...a bond which can unite us in comedy. Working with crippled people is really ...important.  Ahaw don't cry, pal. You're gonna get ''me'' started. Anyway, what was really important for us as a team, Ellen, was to make sure that everyone knew that ''we'' came up with the joke, and not Carlos Butthole Mencia. Uhhh excuse me?  Alright, so check it out: We've got offers from Van de Kamp's and Gorton's Fisherman to do commercials. Yeah, that was kewl huh? Whassat? So... here it is. That is bullcrap Jimmy, and you know it! I had just as much to do with the fishsticks joke as ''you'' did!  Dude, it's Puff Daddy! Oh, so now it's we, huh Jimmy? A minute ago you said you did it all yourself! Abebeh, abebebebebeah! We both came up with it together! You wanna know how it happened?! Hello Jim.  What are you up to? Well, maybe I can help you. We can team up.  Now let's see, how about a joke that has something to do with... fishsticks. You know, 'cause fishsticks sounds like fish dicks, Jimmy. Thanks.  Oh my God, what are Jewbots doing here?  Come on, Jimmy, we gotta go back and finish that joke!  Aw dammit! I guess it really was all me who came up with it. You've gotta let Jimmy go, it's all my fault. Jimmy, you really believe that you came up with it all on your own? Oh my God, wait. I totally get it now. All this time I've been mad at you, Jimmy, for trying to take all the credit, but, now I realize it's just that your ego has made you believe things happened differently. That's what Kyle was trying to tell me. That you have such a huge ego you do these mental gymnastics to make yourself a part of things. I thought you were just trying to Jew me out of my part of the credit, but now I realize that... some people just have egos that are so out of whack that no matter what people tell them, they can't accept the truth of who they are.  Jimmy, I owe you an apology. I realize now you can't help believing you created the entire joke, because your ego won't let you think otherwise. I just have to accept that. You guys! You guys! We can finally do it! We can finally leave this crappy town and live the life we've all dreamed of! Haven't you assholes been watching the news?  Somalia. North Africa. Just picture it, guys: clear blue water with skull islands. Waterfalls and jeweled treasure underneath. I've worked it all out on Expedia.  We can take Southwest Airlines to Miami, then Dubai Air here to Cairo, and then it's just a 49-hour bus ride into Mogadishu, with all the booty and plunder a pirate could want. Right, and wi-  Wait a minute. You never think my ideas are good, Kyle. Wow, cool! Wait a minute. The fuck?! Why would you do that? Unless... you're trying to trick me somehow. Then why don't ''you'' wanna go? That's true. Well, I'm glad you've finally come to terms with your disability, Kyle.  Avast there, mateys!  Our first official pirate mee'in will be 4 pm today at Kevin Stoley's house! There will be refreshments served! So make sure your mom goes to the grocery store, Kevinnn! So come one, come all! The invitation is open to any student who wants to be a pirate, and who isn't Jewish, Mexican or ginger! Arrrgh! Attention! All right, you booty lovers! So you decided to join Captain Cartman's edjeh...  Uh, guys, who let in the g-i-n-g-e-r? But guys, g-i-n-g-e-rs can't be pirates because they don't have souls. Please get it out of here. Okay, anyways. Now enough small talk, lads! It's time for us to start rapin' and plunderin'! We set course tomorrow! I purchased everyone's ticket online using me mother's credit card! Dude, I'm a pirate! What the devil do I care what me mudder thinks anymore? Alright lads! Go home and write your farewell letters to your families! The land of pirates awaits!  Kevin, Goddammit!  We be headin' to Somaaliaa. By way of Miami to Cairo. And take care o' you put us in an exit row, you land lubber! That we be, lass. It's all paid for on me mudder's credit card. What?! You guys, the fuck? Are you forgetting how crappy your lives are?! All the homework, the rules?! Butters, do you really wanna just go back to school, where people just make fun of you? Yes! Do you really wanna go back to that?! Well all right then, fag! We can't turn back now! The path to adventure lies just beyond this ticket counter! And if you four have really come all this way just to turn back now, then seriously you guys, the FUCK? The FUCK?!  Ask these people where the pirates are. Ah, nice. Come on, mateys!  Yes, bebebudjuhbluhbluhbluhbluh. Thank you.  Avast!  These aren't pirates, they're just a bunch of black people. I am Captain Cartman and this here be my terrible crew! We be lookin' for a ship to pirate with. Yes, very nice. Apparently, these are the pirates. Oh, excellent! They're taking us to a ship. Once we commandeer our vessel the plundering will be easy indeed, lads.  This... is your pirate boat? Dude, the FUCK! Alright, seriously you guys? What kind of pirates are you? I mean, really? The FUCK, dude, the FUCK?! Alright lads, guess we'll have to settle with this meager ship. Two of you sit aft and two of you sit in the front. Kevin, Jesus Christ!  Clyde, the fuck?! Calm down, Clyde. Everything's gonna be okay! Ike, will you do something about Clyde, please?  Du-dude! You're doing it all wrong! Let me handle this.  Alright ya scalliwags! Surrender your plunder and let me send my shot across your bow! Yeah that's good, but now go ARRRGH! The FUCK are you pirates doing?! Are we gonna plunder them or not?! Alright, let's go!  Quiet, you sons of biscuit eaters! This boat is now pirate propertih! Now get ye to your lifeboat, lest you wanna be shark bait! Plunder the booty, lads! This ship is ours! I said, get off my boat! That's it! Get in there you swarmy dogs!  Hard to port, lads! Just make the boat go that way, kind of.  That's good. Now bring her around topside.  Now that's a pirate ship!  Goddamnit people! <poem><i>With a yo ho ho!</i></poem> <poem><i>And with a yee hee hee!</i></poem> Nice. <poem><i>And with a yo ho ho!</i></poem> <poem><i>And a tricky lahty do!</i></poem> Okay okay, let's stop there for a minute. Remember, on tricka lahty do, that's a "lahty do" Okay, really need you guys to enunciate the "lahty" Uh, Nadif, if I can get you and Abdikaram to sing the harmony on the second "yo ho". And uh, Hashmish, is it? I'm sorry, but you're a little flat. Remember to sing out, don't close your throat, m'kay? So let's go from uh, bar 14. We'll pick up after the quarter rest. Ike?  Better! <poem><i>With a yo ho ho!</i></poem> <poem><i>And a tricky lahty do!</i></poem> <poem><i>Somaliaaan piiiraaates weeeeee.</i></poem> What did I tell you, Butters? This is the good life, huh?  What's going on? Ahhh, good. A hostage will bring a fine ransom.  Well well well well well! Well well well well well well well well well Kyle! You came all this way to try and join my pirate club. "It isn't safe." That's not what you said back in the cafeteria, Kyle. In the cafeteria you said Somalia was "awesome." Or are you lying now? So many lies, Kyle, you can't even keep them straight. You just couldn't stand that we were living in paradise while you were back home. Your brother is with Butters taking inventory of our latest plunder, Kyle. You... just sit tight till we hear about your ransom money, hmhmm. Go on! Walk the plank, you scurvy dog! That's Captain Cartman, you Jewswoggle! What?! Clyde!  You guys cannot leave the pirate club now! How can you not want to stay in this paradise we've created?! In Somalia, people have no laws! They have no rules! And they never grow old! Nobody's goin' anywhere!! I'm the captain of this outfit!  Now, is there any question who's in charge? I have an entire pirate crew willing to do anything for me! Me and my crew are gonna go on piratin' forever!  The FUCK?!}} 'Sup, Jew? HA! What a dumbass! Billy Mays? Billy Mays?!  Dude, you didn't tell us Ike was seeing Billy Mays! Your little brother saw the ghost of Billy Mays? The guy on TV who had incredible things for people to buy? He died four months ago but they still show his commercials all the time? Oh, oh for the love of Christ, here!  Here here! This, this is him! That product changed my life. It really works. I use it all the time. Look Kyle, if there's even a chance that Billy Mays' soul is not at rest, then I wanna help however I can. Because he was a great person, Kyle. ...Dude, have you had Chipotle? It's really good. You guys, we have to help Kyle's brother and get to the bottom of this. And I think I know just who to call... Because, dude, that's what I'm saying. You have the Chipotlaway so it doesn't matter. Ohh well how nice for you, Stan. It's great you've got a golden rectum of the gods, but the rest of us need Chipotlaway.  Oh my God... poor Billy Mays... Billy Mays!  It's him! Yes! Yes I am, Billy Mays! Including the late and very talented Billy Mays!  I believe I was.  Yes! Yes, Kyle, it's totally normal!  A child... and a female. And white. Yeah yeah rah work it Michael work it! God I hope this works. Hey, what the F?! Wait wait! Wait, look at the lady judge.  She's eating Chipotle. So maybe she doesn't know.  Maybe she doesn't know, Kyle! Excuse me, Ma'am, I see you're eating Chipotle. Except! You can't afford buying all the new underwear? What if you didn't have to give it up? I think... you and I might be able to help each other here today. Yeah! Alright!  Yes. Thanks to us and Chipotlaway, the spirits of the celebrities can now rest. Alright cool, guys, gather all around. Everyone should be a witness to this.  Alright, your turn Craig. Well that's what you get for being a douchebag again Butters! You gotta take your medicine. Aw dude, you guys are not gonna believe this. You know what we just found out? Well it turns out that Butters, our Butters, has never kissed a girl.  Nothin' to be nervous about, Butters. You're finally going to become a man today. Oh God, why don't you sit under a rainbow and write a poem, Kyle? Atta boy Butters! Damn dude, you made all that money offa chicks? Dude, we've created a monster. Oh my God, dude, this is sooo awesome! Oh, sweet!  This is awesome! Dude! That was so badass! The fuck is this?! I did. I'm the Rad Russian.  I come from Russian to crush your puny capitalist heads! All right! The Rad Russian. You capitalist swine, I'll crush you! Huh? Okay... The fuck is this?! Dude! Dude! DUDE!  The fuck are you doing?! That's not wrestling, dude, that's fucking gay! Well this is fucking lame dude! Let's get the hell out of here, guys.  The Wrestling Takedown Federation has several matches planned today. Alright, sooo, here's how we'll do this, guys. I'll come out to the ring first and then Jimmy, you come in and tell me you're gonna kick my ass. Then I'm gonna say "You slept with my girlfriend," and I'll charge you into a head slap. Then Butters, you come in as the ref all like "No no, the fight hasn't started yet," and that's when Jimmy sneaks up from behind and hits me over the head with a foldaway chair. Noo, let's save the "girlfriend is a whore" line until after Stan headbutts Butters for trying to stop the fight again. Alright are you ready to try this, guys? Alright, let's start wrestlin'.  You slept with my girlfriend, Hammerclaw!  Hey! He slept with my girlfriend, referee! In my country we don't wait for a bell, miste- ah!  Wait for it, wait for the whore line. And just what do you care about your pitiful country?! I might have to wait for my hepatitis test, but in the mean time, I have brought my comrade from Mexico to wrestle against you! Let me tell you something! Let me tell you something! It's true, I love Stan the Man with all my heart, but... I want to be with Juggernaut now. It's true. I was pregnant with your child and aborted it.  Do you know what it's like to have an abortion at seven years old? DO YOU? I've had so many abortions. I just... got addicted to them. I'm not in love with you, I'm in love with abortions. Don't you undestand?!  Alright you guys, let's bring it in.  I think we've done a really great job and let's just keep the energy up, you know, have a good flow, and have fun out there, okay? Oh what a perfect night for fighting. Lo, the moon sets upon the tips of the trees and I, the man known as the Rad Russian, start to stir with the excitement of violence.  You guys! You guys, listen to this! It's amazing! We just received a letter from the WWE. "Gentlemen, We have heard of your wrestling organization and are quite interested in its popularity. The WWE is delighted to inform you that it will be sending a talent scout, President Vince McMahon to view your wrestling event this Saturday the twenty-fourth." Okay guys! Guys, listen! We seriously have to focus here! We have exactly three days before the scout is here to see us wrestle. We gotta step it up and work it like never before. Thanks for coming, guys. I'm sure you're wondering why I've called you here to Sizzler. Well guys, Kenny and I have been talking. And, I mean, Smackdown might be our one shot at making it into the WWE, right? I mean a shot like this might never come again. Well, the way we see it, we have three primary obstacles in making Smackdown a great show: Tolkien, Butters, Jimmy. Guys, let's face it: they can't wrestle for crap! I mean, ''every time'' I wrestle with one of them, they flub a line or blow their monologue. And Tolkien? He has no emotion, no timing, he's the worst wrestler I've ever seen! Right? No dude, they're gonna hurt our chances. Because we all know that the new material I've written is stuff those guys can't handle, and we'll suffer from it! Yep. We've gotta bring somebody else on who can handle the more difficult roles that we can wrestle against instead of those guys. It's simple. We just gotta hold tryouts. Number seventeen step forward, please?  You're wrestling a Muslim immigrant. You suspect he could be a terrorist and your parents died in the 9/11 attacks. Go! Thank you! Number twenty-four?  You're wrestling for the right to marry Mackenzie Phillips, but just learned that she had sex with her father uh, go! Thank you.  Let's see uh, can we get number thirty seven to step forward again.  We just wanna get to know you all a little better. What can you tell us about yourself? Yeah, this guy crushes.  Alright, places everyone.  My man can do whatever he wants. You're just gonna have to deal with that. My body, my rights! In fact, I'm jonesing for the rush so badly, I don't think I'll make it to the clinic. Yes! I think maybe I'll have another abortion! Right here, right now! You! Get back in the trashcan where you belong! O, how I long for the spring meadows of Russia! The soft Russian sky! Just let them crawl back to Mexico Sergeant Hammerclaw.  We can't... might as well go back to your land of burritos, tacos, and take this aborted baby where it will fit in right with all the other aborted babies in Mexico! Hey, what about us? Our show?  This is all your fault, Kyle! You screwed up the second act! Oh, don't start with me, Kenny! Kenny! I'm-}} What do you mean? This song is sweet. I'm not too busy, Stan. No, I just don't care. At all.  Stan, me and Kenny don't give two shits about stupid-ass whaaales! Ahall right dude, this is pretty sweet! ''[his sweater has "SAVE THE WHALES" on it, while Kenny's parka now has "DOLPHIN LOVER" on it].'' What dude? We always have. That's not what we said. We were talking about Wales the country.  I ''deserve'' to be on TV.  Your show is fuckin' gay, dude! , we've dedicated all this time and all our lives to saving these majestic creatures. Shhh, Kenny...  He's always loved dolphins so much that he would do anything. Our gentle friends of the sea have saved the day. Because they know that only we can save them from the Japanese.  Dude, you know what? Japanese people ''really'' do not like whales.  Uh oh. Oh, I'm sorry. Am I making things uncomfortable for you Stan? It's your fault me and Kenny are in this mess! Sir, we actually don't give two shits about you killing whales. Can we go? What dude? Sorry.  A little gassy. 'Scuse me. So that's what this has all been about? Zzzzt zzzzsssht!  Dude, they won't rest until whoever is responsible is completely wiped out. Isn't this great, you guys? Gettin' away from it all, leaving all our cares behind? God damn it, why is it every time we try to have a relaxing day a bunch of assholes on their Harley motorcycles show up?!  Piss off, you stupid assholes!   You guys know that everyone thinks you're total fags, right? You know, when people like you drive down the street with your unnecessarily loud motorcycles thinking you're all cool. Everyone is actually laughing at you and calling you pathetic faggots. You do realize this, right? No no, no, nobody is intimidated, actually. Everyone realizes that people who are so needy for attention they need to dress up and be as loud as possible are you guys and sixteen-year-old girls! Just wanted to let you know, you're fuckin' fags.  But Cartman isn't letting up on him.  Agreed. Ni-nice, okay. What? I think what I'm gonna do is uh, find out wherever their bikes are and uh, crap on their seats.  Yeah, I think that'll be nice. I think I just need uh two, maybe three buckets of KFC, extra crispy, probably ...four cartons of gravy. That was us! Yeah, everyone hates those fags, right? Oh, they think we meant gay fags. Then he's a gay fag. I mean, is this really this hard? You call them "bike-curious". Oh yeah, nice, Kenny.  Hey, hey yeah. Then people would be free to call Harley riders fags all over the country. Emmanuel Lewis, huh? No! That'll just make you bigger fags! Oh it's over, it's finally over!  Oh. My. Goodddd. Soo, you're uuh, trying out to be the morning announcement person as well?  Who are you? Mr. Mackey, what's a moronic jizzrag? Well it's just that... that's what that Casey kid said about your hairpiece?  Good morning South Park Elementary. These are the morning announcements. And I, am Eric Cartman. All forms for the school book drive must be handed in to Mr. Davis in the library by the end of the school day today. Hm, doesn't seem like they gave us a lot of notice on that, uh, 'kay. Oh well.  It's not a coincidence that once Wendy took office this school started coming apart at the seams! Your teachers don't wanna tell you, but they are scared, and they should be, because the very fabric of this elementary school is tearing from all corners. But hey, I'm just a normal kid, like you, except that I ask questions. And because I'm brave enough to ask questions, I come under scrutinies. Is Wendy using your lunch money to buy heroin? Probably not, but how can we know? I don't want my lunch money going to drugs! Who's taking these drugs? What would be the point? I'm asking questions! You wanted to see me, Principal Victoria? Oohhhh I get it. You're trying to silence me! You're scared that somebody is standing up to this school and its president for once! Oh really?! Then how come Gordon Stoltski got to go on for like five minutes that one day?! You just want somebody to read what's in front of them like a brain-washed zombie, is that it Mr. Mackey? I am not Gordon Stoltski, okay?! I'm not some dog on a leash that just blindly says what he's told, until he's killed! Oh I will! And maybe I'll also have a word with the ACLU, tell them that a student is being told not to speak out against his school! I'm sure they'll find that very interesting! Well. Goood morning South Park Elementary. These are the morning announcements. Tryouts for the soccer team are on Friday afternoon. That is of course if our student body president does something about our abysmal soccer field.  I'm not in the student council, I'm just a normal kid like all of you. And like all of you, I want to know what has happened... to my school. - of the United States of America. OUR United States, not the one Wendy Testaburger would have, a socialist dunghole - Good morning students. These are the morning announcements. If you'll direct your attention to the new video monitors at the head of your class,  you will see that the announcements are now being done in video. Lunch today is going to be pizza. Again.  So let's take a look at exactly what our school president wants. You know, what is she trying to achieve? Let's just take a look at these Keywords here: Wendy's made it clear she wants our school to be a more Integrated Leftist and Liberal place! But you see what then happens, what we get is a Socialist, Modern, Utopian, Reformed, Farce of a School. So when you look closely it becomes very obvious what Wendy wants. K I L L S M U R F S. Our school president ...wants to kill Smurfs. I don't know if we're turning into a Smurf-hating school or what we're turning into, but unless you ask why , we're gonna transform into something. "Thank you" and this is to..?  Book signing today everyone, be sure to pick up your copy. Well hello. Another person who  cares about the future of our school. Yes, well now you can read about all those things I've said, Butters. Take this copy of my book. That'll be five dollars. A book signing. I do not directly say she's a slut!  You didn't read the rest, dude. "Or does she?" See, that's a question. I'm asking questions, Stan! I've called for Wendy to come on my show and defend herself, but she won't do it! You wanted to see me again, Principal Victoria? Oh, Wendy came and told on me?! So what? Because she's president she can't be written about? And what if they are?! You'll stop me from asking just because Wendy forces you to?! Just enough power to force you to stop me from selling my book! Face it, you're a lackey, Mackey! Clear as summer rain! Clear as a flavorless bottle of vitamin water! This school has finally transformed to the socialist whoreland where a student isn't free! Well I'm not gonna be a part of it, do you understand?! I'm leaving this... hypocritical Communist school! I'm walking out and I'm never coming back!  Yesterday, as most of you know, I walked out on this program, and on our school. I was so... fed up with our president's hypocrisies, me not being allowed to sell my book. I wanted to live in a place where my values were still upheld. And so I decided to leave it all behind and instead just go and live with the Smurfs.  The smurfs and I grew to understand each other.  We're from two different worlds and yet we spoke the common language of passion. Papa Smurf was displeased at first,  He told Smurfette I wasn't a real Smurf and we could never be happy. But I eventually proved myself to Papa Smurf by picking more Smurfberries than any Smurf had ever Smurfed before. Finally, all was right with the world. But then, a crisis. Clumsy Smurf burst into the Smurf ceremony to say that humans had come to destroy all of Smurfland. And so now our school has plenty of precious unattainable Smurfberries. Yeah well big deal. At what cost did our school president get it? Every Smurf is dead. Wiped out and we will never see them again! Go on, look outside! You won't see any Smurfs!  The question now is, What happened to morals? What happened to dignity? What happened to my schooool? Thank you so much for finally coming on my show, Wendy. People are riled up. Hopefully we can clear the air here this morning. Of course. That's why we're here. Don't worry, I won't go too hard on you.  Good morning South Park Elementary, these are the morning announcements. Rehearsals for the school play are cancelled this afternoon. For lunch the cafeteria will be serving meat loaf or veggie pasta. My guest today is the student body president of South Park Elementary, Wendy Testaburger. Wendy, thank you for coming on the show. Wendy, I wanna start by asking a pretty straightforward question, and I hope you don't take offense to it. How many Smurfberries is the life of each Smurf worth?  You don't know how many Smurfberries the life of each Smurf is worth. Would you agree that the school is in a crisis right now? If a Smurf dies and no one is around to hear it, does it still scream?  You are the president of the school. Can you see why many students think you're an ineffective slut? Are you denying that the Smurf holocaust ever happened? Is that what you're suggesting? Yes, and that makes- whoa whoa what? What? What do you mean I know that? No! You wiped them all out! Wait, hold on, can we take a break? Dude, you can't take my ''Dances with Smurfs'' idea and turn it into your own thing- No! No, dude! You don't just take one person's story and then add a couple of things and call it yours! You sold the movie rights to who?! Theh- They can't do that! I'm student body president!  Huh! No, because it turns out that by rule, the student body president can't also be the morning announcement reader! I can't do jack! I went to my first student council meeting; all we did was talk about what colors to make the stupid Sadie Hawkins dance! Student council's retarded!  I'm doin' the best I can! }} This is gonna be sooo awesome dude. I haven't been to the water park in like, over a year. No! Dude, we gotta go to the wave pool first. It's so dope, as long as there aren't any minorities. You know, there's always like five or six minorities wearing their T-shirts in the wave pool, pisses me off. Come on, let's go!  Six adorable children, please. Wave pool! Wave pool! Waaave pooool!   Just do it in English!  You guys! You guys, we have got problems of Biblical proportions! I've been counting. Do you know there are two hundred and five Mexicans here? And there are a hundred and ninety black people! So?! Guess how many white people are at the water park today? One hundred and forty-three! There are actually more minorities here than us! ...What do you mean? The black and brown people. Do I look like a minority to you, stupid?! Now look guys, I did some calculations: just last year, there were almost ninety percent normal people to minorities. That's a fifty percent rise in one, year! Because it's important! A fifty percent rise each year means that in three years the world will be only... minorities. That's 2012! The Mayans predicted this! The Mayans! They knew that minorities would take over the world by the year 2012! And now it's happening! You guys! You guys have to do something to stop this! Come on!  Well, looks like at least ''you'''ve got some sense left in you, Kyle. So what are we gonna do to keep the Mayan's prediction from coming true, buddy? Help! Help! Yes! Yes help me! Yes, help me I'm just a little boy! You have to help me!  Haa-aa. Yes, thank you.  It has been many, many hours since the Apocalypse, and all I keep thinking is "Why me? Why am I the only one of my race God chose to survive in this minority-run world?" When the smoke has cleared I'm sure the minorities will start rebuilding, building the world... in their way. I can see it now. Nooo...  I read ''Treasure Island'', because I was so happy when I saw that movie. ...because I was so happy when I seen that movie. Noooo...  Trying to find a job will be even harder. Well, I do just as much work. Noooo...  Eventually the minorities will do away with me altogether. Noooo...  Guys? Guys!  Oh it's true! You all ''did'' survive! Oh my God, you guys! I really thought I was the only non-minority on Earth! How many of our species survived? It wasn't? So then, you mean... we do have until 2012. Well, it may be only three years, but... I intend to live those precious years to the fullest! I still can't believe it, even though it's right there in front of me. What? Yeah, dude, Tammy Warner. She's a fifth grader.  Kenny! Hey, hey, Kenny!  Listen, Kenny, we need to talk about your new girlfriend.  Oh, boy. A B.J.? Yeah, dude, that's gross. So how did it go last night?  Dude, you? We thought you really wanted to have a B.J. before you got too old an- They're rings that says they're not gonna have sex or do anything naughty anymore. Dude, what the hell are you doing, Kenny?! This is the day we were supposed to throw cow turds at cars together! Come on, Kenny, this isn't you. We want you back, dude.  You want your ''Grey's Anatomy'' back, Kenny?  You guys, I think this is serious. There's something really wrong with him. What?  All right, come on guys, we're not sitting back and watching our friend die!  Excuse us. Excuse us. Yeah, their purity rings turned our friend into a douche! Dude, who the hell did that?  We... don't work for anybody. We told you: we aren't working for another studio and there isn't a plan to sabotage your big night. Who's the Coon? Not really. Dude, what the hell?  Dude, I have a picture of Mysterion in my locker too. Do I really have to do this, Dad? But Grandma said I could use this money to buy whatever I want. I got a hundred dollar check from my grandma, and my dad said I need to put it in the bank so it can grow over the years. Uh, what? What's all gone? What do you mean? I have a hundred dollars. Well, what can I do to get back my money-? I just opened an account. No, you just lost it all! Hey! Dad! Mom, Dad, how come there's suddenly no money? Yeah, I think I get it. Yeah, I wanna return this Margaritaville my stupid dad bought. What? So? Well can't I just return it and get the money my dad put in back? I wanna return this Margaritaville. No thanks. I wanna return this Margaritaville, and the guy at Sur la Table said that you were the company that financed it. What? Wall Street? So? 'Scuse me. 'Scuse me! I'd like to return this Margaritaville, please? My dad bought it on a payment plan that was set up by a finance company which got their principal investors from somebody here. It does? So I can return it to a bank? What?! Aargh!  I want to return this Margaritaville! My dad bought it on a payment plan set up by a finance company that got investors from Wall Street who combined it into securities sold to the banks who transferred it to you! Nnnaaargh!  Thank you. What?! Nononono excuse me! I don't understand! How can this stupid thing be worth ninety trillion dollars?! No, dude, that doesn't make sense! What?! No way, Wendy, today's the day! Oh boy! We're complaining to the Canada Network 'cause they put something really gross on TV! You tell 'em, Cartman! What?  Butters was just sitting there, Dad. He... he didn't even know it was coming. It was so gross, Dad, I mean, what if another girl at school tries-? Mom, gross!  Stop it, Mom! I'm going too.  Yeah it's different, Mom! Butters, I'm afraid things have gotten worse. All the women suddenly think that... queefing is funny. On television us children are starting to see and hear more and more graphic queefing.  Yeah!! Mom, we didn't mean...  Yeah. We all got so caught up in how we felt that we didn't realize... women actually cared about something a lot deeper.  What's going on? Dad, we're not allowed to add anything to the car that doesn't come in the approved kit, remember? What is that?  Oh no, he didn't. Tells? Dad, maybe we should just take out the thing you put in the car an- It's uh, Marsh.   Yes I do. Yeah? Aw crap, Dad!  Alien? What does it want? Dad they aren't here for that.  Dad. Dad, you know we can't make the car go as fast as before with only the approved Pinewood Derby kit.  Well we have to tell them we used something outside the kit. Come on, Dad. We've gotta come clean. Dad, it's over. We have to tell everyone we cheated.  Kill the alien? No. Dad, we don't even know what'll happen. Dad?  I guess so. It just still doesn't feel right. No, Dad- Whoawhoawhoa Dad, what are we doing? 'Scuse me! 'Scuse me!  The truth is, I don't deserve this trophy. 'Cause I cheated on my Pinewood Derby car. I used something not in the approved kit.  This trophy isn't mine, and so I have to give it back! Because if I'm not honest now, then I'll have to keep this lie going forever. And it will just grow and grow.  What are you talking about, dude?  No, dude, everyone's checked. I think Cartman really ran away to Somalia. You really think he'll die in Somalia? Dude, I don't even know who that is. Are you guys fucking serious? It's gonna be alright, Kyle. Dude, I don't understand at all. I eat Chipotle all the time and it never made me crap blood. Whoa whoa wait, there really are ghosts? Uh oh. You're dead, Mr. Jackson! Accept it!  Mr. Jackson, you can't do this! This is not your body! Alright, let's see: demonic ghosts, animal ghosts... ...setting traps for ghosts, no... Here here here it is: possession by a ghost. A ghost that enters and then refuses to leave a living host has done so because it failed in the living world to be what it wanted to be. The ghost must be allowed to transform and be recognized by the living as what it always tried to be. So he wants to finally be accepted by the living as a little white girl. Yeahhhh!  Excuse me, uh, if you could do us a favor and pleeease just vote for little Miss Jackson? It's really important. Dude, the two male judges love her. Yeah, there's no way that lady judge is voting for us. She was glaring the entire time. Woohoo! Hey heeey, what the hell are you guys picking on Butters for this time?! Yeah, I heard that now even Stacey Anderson is selling kisses. Butters, you're the one doing all this? Butters. Dude! You can't call my girlfriend a bitch! Butters, seriously, if you don't stop this I'll kick your ass! I'm having the best time! This is it you guys! We know what our calling in life is now. Tomorrow we are signing up for wrestling class!   Why did they have us put on long underwear. Yeah! Yeah, what are you? A child molester? Yeah, this guy probably wants to take pictures of us naked. Yup. We'll see about that! You don't come to this country and make fun of it! I served my country! I fought for two years in Vietnam. You have no idea what you're saying Juggernaut! Irene loves me and I'm gonna marry her! What?! If you love Juggernaut, Irene, then tell him what you did two years ago! How you killed his child! Irene, you said you loved me! Holy crap dude, there's a huge turnout tonight. Only a country like yours can breed men of such discontent, Rad Russian. But you don't know what real pain is! PAIN! Like I've known. Abandoned when I was four years old by my parents. Left to die in a cold and dark sewage tunnel! From the professional wrestlers we saw in Denver? Vince McMahon is coming to see us? Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod!.. Alright it's time to start the second act. Let's bring the crowd back in from intermission and then improvise some stuff for Saturday! Here he is, hiding in the forest as I told you.  What do I do? Juggernaut is my long lost brother.  Yeah? He's right. Dude, it's really hard to do your best wrestling when you're up against Tolkien. And Butters and Jimmy I mean, they're okay but, they're never gonna make it as professional wrestlers. Somebody who can do the harder stuff we've written so that Tolkien, Butters, and Jimmy can have smaller parts. Yeah yeah, not bad. Damn dude, that is some badass wrestling. He's here, Ohh my God  Omigod omigod omigod omigod omigod omigod omigod omigod omigod o- Juggernaut? Juggernaut, hey, what's goin' on? Heyhey whoa, you shouldn't be fighting anybody. What about your cancer? It's ''Triceratops'', and he's with Irene.  No, you can't possibly mean that-! Irene, there's no way we could let you here, and I'd let you do something informal like that. When are you going to face reality, Congo? Just because you were raised by panthers doesn't mean you are one! Dude. What??  Fuck you, Jimmy! Don't go pointing fingers at me, Cartman! You have no idea what you're talking about, and it wasn't...   Wow cool. Yeah, this is gonna be awesome. What the hell is that?  Dad, why did they do that?  Look, I really think it's time for us to do something. This is all getting way out of hand. No, not the song. I'm talking about the Japanese killing whales and dolphins. So? Dude, don't you guys care? We have to do something. It seems like everyone has an attitude of "that's just the way they are" or "that's just the way it is"! Nobody likes it, but everybody's too busy to do anything about it! You're not? Kenny? You don't care about whales and dolphins being slaughtered? You know, when all the whales and dolphins in the world are gone, people are gonna wish that at some point they had taken a little time to care just a little goddamn bit!   Yeah. Butters, do you wanna help?  People who are doing something?  Then that's where I belong. Sweet!  Yeah. Hell yeah! Let's do it! Whoa, wait wait, we don't wanna just lie about stuff. Well, 'cause then we're just douchebags, dude. Come on, they're right here. Let, let's get hardcore! Wait, that's it? Those guys are always covered in dolphin and whale guts. They don't care if they stink. Come on, let's break their boat.  I thought you guys were pirates in a war! Pirates don't worry about the law! You guys said you were badasses! What you assholes acted like you were doing?  Wait for it... wait for it... NOW!  No I, I don't really care about the TV show, I'm just trying to stop the Japanese from killing dolphins and whales. ...No, I don't care about the show. I just want people to know that you can stop the Japanese if you have some real goddamned balls! Can we please just talk about the actual whaling problem for a second?! Screw this, I gotta get back to work! Would you mind stepping back a little? No- Dude, we really can't take any more volunteers. Oh no, no, NO. Oh what? So now that I have a hit TV show you guys care about dolphins and whales? I asked you guys to help me and you said no! You said "Stan, me and Kenny don't give two shits about stupid-ass whales!" Look, if you admit that you're only doing this because you wanna be on TV, then I'll consider it! Admit you just wanna be on TV! Take us out of port! All hands to stations! As soon as we get there, we've gotta deploy the tracking device! We can't let those whales get hurt!  Oh the Japanese wanna play that way, huh?! What?  What? Dude, we're trying to get to some whales. Screw this! Turn hard to port!  Dude, fuck you! What was that?  It's like... they know.  They do know. They know everything I've been trying to do for them. Jesus Christ!  We've gotta get something to shoot 'em with!  I, I can't, I can't believe it. Will you stop that? Things are bad enough without you being a smartass! There's whales out there being slaughtered right now and I can't do anything about it, so just keep quiet! You speak English. Why do you do what you do?! Do you know that ninety eight percent of the world is against whaling?! Why can't you just stop?! Ummm, where did you get that picture? Dude, it wasn't actually and dolphin and a whale who bombed Hiroshima. It was the- Oh, right. Look, I... I think I can make everything okay here. Can I just use a phone? Dude, are you sitting at your computer? I need you to do something for me. Mister Prime Minister, Japanese officials, there's something you need to know. The photo you were given of the Enola Gay was doctored. Because the real bombers feared retaliation so badly that they... simply pointed the finger at somebody else. My government has authorized me to give you the original photo, unaltered, so you can finally know the truth.  A chicken and a cow. Yeah, and they said the weather's gonna be nice like this all day. Aww! Not those guys again!  God! Shut up! God damn it God damn it! All right, thanks for coming, everyone. As you all know, the Harley problem seems to be getting worse, and nobody is willing to do anything about it. Now, we have some ideas, and we'd love to hear your ideas, and I think together we can-  ...and I think that together we can come up with a way to get rid of these fags once and for all. ...That makes perfect sense, Butters. Yes, now get out of here. Alright, Kyle and I are gonna spray paint messages to the Harley riders; Cartman, you said you had an idea?  Oh that's good. But that's a lot of seats? How are you going to pull that off? Clyde, can you take care of getting KFC for Cartman? Kyle and I will get the spray paint cans. If we do this right, we'll be doing the town a huge favor, so let's get to it! Really nice work, guys. Yeah, we did that! Gay people? Dude, why would we want gay people to get out of town? Aw crap! Yeah, a lot of fags aren't gay. Do you ride a big loud Harley and go up and down the streets, ruining everyone's nice time? Then you're not a fag. I don't know. All right, look, you're driving in your car, okay? And you're waiting to make a left at a traffic signal. The light turns yellow, should be your turn to go, but the traffic coming at you just keeps coming. And even when the light turns red, a guy in a BMW runs the red light so you can't make your left turn. What goes through your mind? Right. But you're not thinkin' "Oh, he's a homosexual," you're thinkin' "Oh, he's an inconsiderate douchebag like a Harley rider." "Bike-curious"! Don't you people keep up with today's lingo at all?! Isn't this awesome, you guys? I haven't seen a Harley for like three days. Aw crap!  We can fix this! That, that lady said it's because fag still means homosexual in the dictionary. So we just have to convince the dictionary people to change the definition. Ohh, it all makes sense now.  There's fags everywhere!  Yeah yeah, that's totally what a fag does. But then why are you acting like such fags? I don't understand. ...And that, Mister Editor, is why they are the true definition of fags. We did it! Yeah! Today, we've made history. What the hell do you think you're doing?! I looked through your stupid book! It's five hundred and forty pages of ripping on Wendy and calling her a slut! "Wendy Testaburger has proven time and time again that she will do anything to pleasure her vagina. Whether it is the school football team or the janitors on their break, Wendy spends her time as president on her knees or on her back taking the old in-out for hours on end". "Or does she?" Hey hey, stop reading that! Listen, just because a guy's voice is on the intercom and his words are in a book, doesn't mean he has any idea what he's talking about! Wendy, did you see the stuff Cartman is saying about you now? Well don't you think you should go on his show and defend yourself?! Everyone is starting to think you're a crappy president. What?! Dude, what happened? You're not doing the morning announcements anymore?  We're here! It's the water park!  We got it, Dad. Well Cartman said he wanted to do the wave pool first, right Cartman? Dude, this is awesome. Okay. Come on Kyle, let's check out the fireboats. Aw come on, look at all this water. It doesn't matter if one person pees in it. Yeah, they do, Kyle. Come on, show us how long you can hold your breath. After this, you guys wanna hit the hurricane slides? Aw come on, Kyle. Not everybody pees in pools. Not today... yet. Well dude, what are you gonna do? Just hang out here at the table all day? Dude, where have you been? This is more math than I've ever seen you do. I'm gonna go on the slides. This is sweet, huh Kenny?   OH MY GOD, THEY KILLED KENNY!  Kyle, quick! You've gotta swim over to us! Well if you don't swim in it you're gonna die! Kyle, it's just pee! It's not that big a deal!  ...Well, not everyone washes their hands after they go to the bathroom. Come on, dude, you've gotta swim. Not... all the time. Why? It's not like you're peeing on your hands! There's more germs on most furniture than there is in pee! Kyle, come on! I don't know.  Who are you? ...Well, it's not like if you suddenly have to pee, you're gonna get ''out'' of the shower. That's true dude, didn't you see ''The Abyss''? Just drink the pee, Kyle. Come on, dude! All right, they finally came for us.  Aw come on. It was just a little pee, Kyle. Yeah, it's just so astounding. This is serious. They've been going out for almost two weeks now. I guess so. She's, like, his first real girlfriend ever. What?! Kenny, we know you really like this girl, but... W-well, we've heard that she's... Aren't those the queermos on the Disney Channel? You want Tammy to give you a B.J.? What kind of protection? Kenny, aren't you a little young for this? What's that? ...Well, what does that mean? Alright alright Kenny, calm down. You're too young to be getting B.J.s anyway. It's good you and Tammy are making a commitment to each other that isn't based on sex. Yeah, but it's okay Butters. They have purity rings now. Yup, he's in here.  We've had just about enough, dude! You've been blowing us off for two weeks now! What's up?! It's that ring. Somehow, putting on that ring has turned Kenny into a boring turd. Yeah, this all happened the day after he went to that concert! Hold tight, buddy. We're gonna find a cure for you.  What the hell do you think you're doing spreading this crap to kids?! Cartman? D'ow...  We came on our own 'cause our friend's purity ring is killing him. Well, now we know. ...Yeah, and dressing up and running around at night is faggy anyway. ...Dude, what?! Why do ''you'' care?  Whoa, what the? Hey. Hey, you're that Mysterion kid. Dude, everyone's trying to figure out who you are. Who? Me? Why? Well this sucks! You want something new every week, fatass. My fault?  Don't even start! Don't even start, Cartman! Not because of the Jews, Butters! Who told you that? Now look! The reason we're in this situation is because people are being stupid! The economy isn't some vengeful being that takes things away from us. The economy is just made up of people, and people have just lost their faith in it.  What people really should be doing is spending more. Spending is fine. People should just go out and shop. They should buy the things they need for their friends and family. What's that?  What?  What's going on? What did he do?  Hey! Hey, stop it! Stop! Come on, this is ridiculous! Ju-just have a little compassion, huh? I mean, everyone's gone out and bought something stupid. It's not so bad. Whichever of you guys has never bought anything frivolous, go ahead and huck the next squirrel.  Listen, this is all you need to know: the economy is not a supernatural all-knowing entity. The economy is just an idea, made up by people, thousands of years ago. The economy is not real. And yet, it is real. Nowadays they'll give credit cards to practically anyone who applies for them.  Do not be afraid! This is only plastic. It's just something made up by people. Truly meaningless ''until'' we put our faith in it. Faith is what makes an economy exist. Without faith, it is only plastic cards and paper money. I just have a feeling this might be the last time we get to do this. I can't just hide my whole life, Butters. And besides, I have this strange feeling that one of you is gonna totally betray me.   Whoever it might happen to be, I'm not giving him the opportunity. Tomorrow I'm going to do something. Something I've known I would have to do restore people's faith. There's no choice anymore, guys. Don't worry about me. I've been preparing for this for a while now.  It's okay, Ma.   Aww, come on!}} Come on guys, we gotta go!  It was just thirty minutes of two women queefing on people! Robbed us of our innocence. Calm down Butters! The men are taking action. But we need to take your picture. We know, Cartman! Jimmy, exactly what part of the fishsticks joke did Cartman write? Let me guess: you wrote the joke, and Cartman just laid on the couch eating Twizzlers. I knew it! Don't let that fat turd walk all over you, Jimmy! Stand up for yourself! What? Craig, if Cartman didn't do anything, then he doesn't deserve any of the credit! No dude, screw that! Jimmy, if Cartman didn't write the joke, then definitely don't sign any patent papers with him! Just say "Cartman, you didn't have anything to do with this joke and you know it!" Dude, get out of here! I'm peeing. You know what, Cartman? I believe you. Yes, I believe that you believe you helped write that joke. That's how people like you work! Your ego is so out of whack that it will do whatever it can to protect itself. And people with a messed up ego can do these mental gymnastics to convince themselves they're awesome, when really, they're just douchebags!  Wow, you know, Cartman? That is an awesome idea. You should totally go to Somalia. No, I'm being totally serious. That is the best idea you've ever had. You should run away to Mogadishu. You should go there right away. I'll even help pay for your ticket. Nono, you're right. Somalia is an oasis of treasure and waterfalls. It's totally the pirate's life. Well, c-cause dude, I'm Jewish, a-and you know...  Please. Please let him go. Yeah? Okay, and you checked with Kenny and Tolkien? He's not just staying at their houses? Yes! I can't help but take some credit for this. I helped convince him to go!  Oh for sure, dude! It's the most God-forsaken place on the planet! Things are finally gonna be normal around here. I'll call you back.  What? Are you sure?  "Dear Mommy and Daddy: I am running away. I am sorry, but I can no longer handle the monotony of middle-class life. Everyone at school is a fucking idiot, and if one more person talked to me about that Susan Boyle performance of ''Les Misrables'' I was going to puke my balls out through my mouth. I love you all, but I have to move on. I'm going to Somalia to be a-" to be a pirate?! Oh shit! Oh God. What have I done? No, fatass, I came to get my brother! We all have to get out of here! It isn't safe. I know! I was lying then! This isn't paradise and you know it! The people here are starving and dying! The whole world has used Somalia as a dumping ground for toxic waste. Even the fish here are radioactive!  and let us get out of here! Cartman, knock it off! They never grow old because they die before they're 30!  Ike! Ike, what?! Guys, Ike has gotten worse. I'm really worried about him. He says he's still seeing dead celebrities. I don't know. Last night we found him hiding in the kitchen pantry. He was screaming the name "Billy Mays" over and over again. What? What?! Are you serious?! Dude, why the hell would you DO that?! NO, why the hell would you keep eating something that made you crap blood?! What was what? Ya see Ike? There's nothing. There's nothing for you to be afraid of. It's all just in your head, Ike. I just... don't understand it. But, dude this doesn't make any sense. I mean, if you know it's going to ''make'' you crap blood, why wouldn't you at least just try eating less of it? But of course it matters, because you should be ''concerned'' there's ''blood'' in your underwear.  Do you understand this? Purgatory? What's that? What? Mister... Jackson, y-you aren't alive. You're in purgatory. Mr. Jackson, please, you're causing a lot of problems. Ike! Ike! Wake up buddy! Wake up! Ike, you've gotta wake up, please!  Oh Ike. I thought I lost you, little brother. Hey! What the hell are you doing inside my little brother?! Come back here!  Hey! Heeey! Dude, asshole, you're keeping a lot of other celebrities in purgatory! What the hell are we going to do??  the first time you saw blood stains on your underwear, ''were you alarmed?'' So then why do you just ignore it using something as stupid as Chipotaway? Your mom... uses Chipotlaway... to clean blood stains... out of your underwear? And then takes you to Chipotle, and buys you more? What has Michael Jackson always tried to be? Well what the hell are we gonna do? Dress him up in a princess gown and, and parade him around like the parents on those awful child pageants?  Alright, Michael!  Aww crap! We're totally screwed!  They took the two best judges away! Aw dude, this is hopeless!  So what?! Yeah! Ike!  Ike, you're back! It's okay, Ike, you're going to be... okay. So what? Butters, I think you should reconsider this. Dude, you don't want your first kiss to be something you paid for. It's supposed to be special. Did you guys hear what's going on? There's like four girls at the school now offering to kiss boys for money. You didn't think of anything, Butters! Guys have been doing what you're doing for years! You're nothin' but a common pimp!  Butters, I really think we should talk. Butters, can't you see this is wrong? You've got little boys all over school spending all their lunch money on kisses. Boys shouldn't be paying for kisses. It's wrong. Butters, what's happened to you? Wrestling is awesome! Well ah I guess in wrestling we're supposed to make our own outfit, and then wear it over this. Alright, so did everyone settle on their wrestling names? Cool! Where's all the cool costumes and jumping off ropes and stuff?! I'll kill you, ''Triceratops''! You made fun of my crippled mother! Just admit it, Congo! Admit that you lied about me to Irene! Your girlfriend doesn't even like you, Stan the Man! She likes me! If she wants to be with you, how about you have her tell all these people here? Irene, no! Why? Good thing we made those changes to the seating. Let's do this! One! Two! So I'm thinking we do the part about Jimmy's relationship with his alcoholic father ''after'' you smash Butters onto the table. What dude?  This is our shot at making it into the WWE. To be real wrestlers.  Oh my God... Oh my God...  Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! I left my wife today. Walked out of the apartment without saying a word. I ran away from my responsibilities... just like I always do.  I'll fight anytime, anywhere! Yeah, what's this about? We should be writing our monologues for Smackdown. What are you talking about? What? Well, so then WWE will recruit us and not them. So what do we do? How do we find somebody who can wrestle that well? That guy's a pretty good wrestler.  You know what's goin' on. It's Smackdown tonight. Which means we might have to fight each other. Wait a minute. Who is that? You aren't welcome here, ''Triceratops''! There's someone here to wrestle ''you'', Irene! A baby you aborted many years ago survived! And he's here now! What? Me?! It was your stupid-ass writing! Dude, they've been doing that for a long time. What are we gonna do, Stan? It's, it's not like we can change the way an entire country thinks. I don't like it, but it's just the way they are. Hello? Stan? This... is exactly what I needed. Broflovski looks for Kenny to get clear for the pass. Oh, what the hell?!  Yes. Sounds good. Yeah. I think maybe everything is gonna be okay now. W-well, 'cause we want all of those fags to get out of our town. We aren't talking about gay people. Oh. Hey, that's not very nice, Mayor. Just because a person is gay doesn't mean he's a fag.  Because we're not referring to gay people! You can be gay and not be a fag. I know. It's like we have the outdoors back again. We're sorry, Mayor. We gotta run!  Yeah. You definitely made your point. I don't either. Yeah! We did it, you guys!  Will somebody shut him up? Oh God, no!  "These, are the morning announcements."  Oh well, at least as president you can run the school the way you want. All right, what do you guys wanna ride first? You guys wanna see how long I can hold my breath under water? Okay, go ahead.  I can seriously hold my breath longer than anybody. Somebody time me, all right? All right,  Butters, ''BUTTERS''! What the fuck?! Are you peeing in the pool?! No dude, Butters' pee is in there. No they don't! Dude! NO! I'm not getting back in the water. Dude, I just found out that everybody pees in pools. Why would I go back? Do you pee in the pool? Aw, come on! Most likely. So what? Well then they're not minorities, are they? Dumbass, if there's sixty percent of them to forty percent of us, then who's the minority?! No, ''you'''re the minority! Blow it out your ass, Cartman!  Eewww!  Aaaaah! GROSS!   Aahhh... No way! Dude, that's all pee! I'll die if I do swim in it! Yes it is a big deal! Why do you think everyone washes their hands after they go to the bathroom?! ..WHAT? You don't wash your hands after going to the bathroom! That is gross!! Ah, god-damnit!  Dude, why the hell aren't people coming to help us? Yeah, well people should  bad!  NO! Not in pee!  Oh who pees in the shower?! You don't pee in the shower, dude. That's fucking disgusting! Jesus Christ! Let's just get this over with! Yes. What?! Why?!  I am not, NOT, d-rinking pee! That doesn't make me feel better! I wouldn't even be able to keep it down. No! I'm thinking about it! Gah, ah.  Gaagh. Aaahh. Well-   That wasn't the Mayan apocalypse, you racist idiot. Will somebody just get me to a hospital? I need to get my stomach pumped! Goddamnit, don't you get it?! I hate pee! I'm grossed out by pee! The only thing I find more ''disgusting'' than pee is ''bananas''! What the hell for?!  AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGHHHH!}} Yeah, a fifth-grade girlfriend. I've been waiting for this all week. Dude, I was here first. Then just give him half. I like you Jimmy, but you're not gonna win this. Consider yourself lucky he's only asking for half. Yep. And if I had wheels, I'd be a wagon. Just give him half. That's right.  Well, so, w-who is she? Well, Kenny deserves to know, fellas. If you guys found out my girlfriend was a raging whore, I'd want you to t-tell me. Hey, what's the matter, Kyle? You seem b-b-bu-bbbummed out. Kyle please! For fu-fu for for-fu-fuck's sake, don't do anything drastic. We're finally gonna learn the shocking truth of who Phillip f-farted on. Oh, hey Eric. I was just trying to write some new jokes for my comedy  ...rou-routine. Sorry Eric, but I really need to work, very much. I haven't written a good joke in over a week. Oh, well, sure. I've never really tried working with a partner, but let's give it a sho- a sh- a-sh, a-sh, shotaroosky. Let's see... I was workin' on this: Why does a squirrel swim on its back? To keep his -nuts dry. Ahb. A fireman and a p-p-Polack are eating marshmallows when- ...So the Pope says, "What are you, a stinking e-evolutionist?" Wow, thanks Mom.  You might have saved my life. You can check the freezer. There might be some frozen fishsticks or somethin', if you like fishsticks.  Wait a minute. Fishsticks... Fish. Dicks.  Alright, just run with me on this, Eric. Say Eric, do you like fishsticks? You like putting fishsticks in your mouth? Well what are you, Eric? A gay fish? Yeah yeah, let's do it to Clyde. P-patent? Well, Eric, th-that's really not how jokes work. I mean, you know, we should just be... happy that the joke is so popular and made a lot of people laugh. Well, he didn't actually... write any of it. He just uh... Actually it was potato chips. W-well, I-I mean he, he was in the room. Really? Aahhm, I don't know, Eric. I really don't think I want to sign that very much. Well, to be perfectly f-f-f-frank, Eric, I think I came up with a little bit more of the joke than you did. Well, you know, I mean, I basically wrote the thing, and you just kind of ate chips. Sorry Eric, but I've gotta write some jokes. Unless you wanna team up or somethin'. Wow, thanks Eric. Is that... Is that how it happened? I'm... I'm sorry? Oh hey Eric. Just workin' on some jokes. Hey, that'd be great! I've always wanted to work with you. You're really funny and you're totally not fat. Hey, you're really onto something there. Right. And then I say, "Yeah." Oh wow, this is incredible!  It was just a- Well Ellen, the tr- tr- tr- Yes Ma'am.  It's always been my dream to go on a national TV show and talk about the c-c-craft of comedy. Eric, there's something I really need to know. How do you live with yourself? You know you had nothing to do with the fishsticks joke.  But you just keep pretending. How do you look at yourself in the f-f-fucking mirror?! That's what I want to know! How do you take credit for something you didn't do?! Please, I wasn't starting rumors about you. I don't even know who you are. Well, we, we were just talking about ideas for jokes and then- Well I just but I buh I was, gonna ebeh- Oh boy! It's my best pal, Eric! I'm trying to write jokes. But I'm not as funny as you, so it's tough. Ruh really? Wow, you would help me even though I'm crippled. You are caring and not fat.  What was that?  Wow Eric, in-credible! Too bad I'm a dick and I'm gonna take all the credit. Su-su-suck it, bitch! What?! Jesus Eric, he's gonna kill you! You won't even admit it was just me, knowing you're gonna die? Rih, r-r-really? Thanks, Eric, for being so understanding. Go ahead, Bu-Butters. Go- go get some. You're a man now! All right Butters good job! Sounds good. So is that when I t- tell you that your girlfriend is a whore? I am gonna k-kick your ass! Your girlfriend is a whore!  Oh, I'm sorry. You have to forfeit the fight, Rad Russian! You cannot fight until your test results come ba-back! What are you doing here, El, El Pollo Loco? Oowow, it's really him. Aha! I thought I would find you here, ''Triceratops''! Lies! These are all a bunch of lies!  Now you listen here, El, Pollo Loco! It doesn't matter if your wife was killed, you cannot keep Irene's aborted baby! Face it: Stan's crappy singing is what sssunk us! You can s-, you can suck, suck my balls! I have had it with those loud, annoying, f-f-f f-faggots. Okay good, yeah. W-What are you talking about, Eric? To be perfectly frank, I peed in the pool about tu-tu-twenty five seconds ago. W-What's that?  You've gotta swim over here, Kyle. Okay. W-where's the maintenance room? Well it's probably bu-better if you don't think about it, Kyle.  Hey, you guys! You guys, I think we have a big problem!  Well, apparently Kenny has a girlfriend! Um, does Kenny like her? Oh, no. Oh, geez! Well, I just talked to Brad Dixon. Tammy Warner is bad news. All the fifth graders call her a slut, on account of she gave this kid Dave Darsky a B.J. in the parking lot of TGI Friday's. It's true! Ask anybody in fifth grade. "Tammy Warner is a total slut!" Hey, Jimmy, what's a B.J.?  Fellas! Hey fellas! I heard that Kenny is still going out with that slut Tammy Warner. Uh, what's that?   Hi, Grandma! Well,  why are we wearin' bedsheets and playing with squirrels, Kyle? Well Eric did.  Well don't worry Kyle. We're not gonna let people kill you. We'll keep you hidden forever! The day they're showin' Part 2 of last week's Terrance and Phillip show! This is gonna be great! Oh boy! Well it's on, it's on, itsonitsonitson! They, uh they aren't gonna show part 2 of the Terrance and Phillip show? They didn't show part 2 of Terrance and Phillip!  They replaced it with the Queef Sisters!  Oh God, oh my God no!  Ohhhhh ohhhhh.  Oh. Hey fellas. Aw thanks. Ohhhhh ohhhhh! My, my picture? Ohoho, there's Clyde. Do it to Clyde. Eric and Jimmy came up with the funniest joke ever.  Hey look, there's Kevin Stoley!   Hey look, Eric killed a dragon. Eric! Eric, you have to save us! An entire army of Jew robots!  We can?  Whoa. Ahoy fellow club members. Congratulations on leaving your meaningless lives behind to become pirates.  Yeah! Neato! Pirates ho!   Oh jeez. Unh I don't know if I can really go through with this. It's just l-leavin' everything behind, uh, uh I can't believe I'm actually doing it. Huh, who, you mean you? No, I'm sick of it! He's right, lads. To adventure! Where's all the waterfalls and shi-and shipwreck lagoons? Uhh,  mahjey burazi? Oh. He-he says they're in there.  ARRRRRRGH! Okay!  Have a good day!   What's "port"?! One box of Italian passports. One necklace, gold. Three crewmember watches. Oh. Uhuh sure, Galeed. Well, 'cause our lives sucked back home! We had all these rules and homework. And our parents hollered at us! So we wanted to come here and be pirates. Huh? Jeez. Guess we kind of got put in our place, huh Ike? Yeah, me too.  Eric! Hey Eric. Listen, we wanna go home. Me and Ike, well, we've been talkin' and, well guys, we really had it pretty good back in America. I mean, sure, it's easy to think our lives are boring and full of rules, but a lot of people have it way worse. The pirate's life isn't a life of fun and adventure, it's a life of hardship and suffering. When you get down to it, well we were pretty lucky to have the lives we did.  I'm a dork, and I deserve what's coming to me.  Ow. Fellas, my underwear is so far up my buttcrack my legs are numb!  Uyeah, I guess I deserve it. Uugh! So what?!  So I'm almost nine years old and anyone who hasn't kissed a girl by fourth grade is a dork! Sellin' kisses? You mean I'm... gonna kiss a girl... today? Oh boy, I sure am nervous. Uh, how come? I gotta do this! I gotta know what it feels like! Oh boy... Oh jeez, oh, stay calm Butters... Eh, how was it? I'm going!  Oh, hi. So ummm yeah, ah, I was hopin' maybe I could get a kiss. Yeah, cool, uhhhm... umuh... okay.  Oh, money... Rrright.  Thank you!   Hey, I know. Hey fellers! Fellers, do you like gettin' kisses? 'Cause I know a girl that'll give you a great kiss for just five dollars! Sure, Scott! Even if you got diabetes!  Boy oh boy, this sure is great! I've been thinkin', Sally: I could probably drum up some third grade customers if you could do kisses before school too. We could make double the money. Aww nuts!  Well, I did have another idea. What if we got another girl to fill in for you sometimes? Well, you know, we bring someone on, show her what to do, and then share all our money together. We could have our very own...  kissin' company. The next key to a successful business is "innovation." I think maybe we need to understand that some boys simply can't afford the five dollars for a kiss, so what if we start also charging just two dollars for a hug? Why thanks. Sally, I think your position behind the temp building at recess is perfect. Megan, I'm thinkin' about moving you to the baseball field after school during little league practice. I got a kissing booth set up at the kids' fair on Saturday so Kayla and Ashley, you take turns there. Any girl that sells more than twenty kisses gets  a little sunshine, but if you don't show up for work at all, I'm afraid you get a stormy cloud. Hey fellas. Would anyone like a coupon? We're offerin' two for one kisses today through Thursday. Yep! I am founder and head CEO of the Butters Kissing Company. Just look at this.  I'm tellin' ya guys, this is the most genius idea I've ever come up with. A lot of boys would pay to kiss my employees. ...A pimp. Huh... Bohy, Kyle was right, Sally. There's guys with kissing companies all over the country. "The person managing all the women is known as the 'pimp,' while the working women are referred to as 'ho' or 'bitch.'" Oh, you're a bitch, Sally.  Hey, look at this! There's about to be a big pimp convention, it looks like. I gotta get to that convention, Sally. I could learn all kinds of stuff for our company.  Hi there. My name is Butters. This sure is a nice convention, huh? Yeah, I'm just starting out. I really came last minute 'cause I was hoping to learn more about being a successful pimp. Yeah, just about a week now. I have four girls at the moment, but I feel like I could be doing a better job. What's the game?  Yes I- I know what you are saying. You don't have to keep asking. I know what you're saying.  Yeah! I believe I know what you are saying! Hey Dad! Aw hell Dad, I got lots of girlfriends. Sally's just my bottom bitch.  Boy oh boy, really great work, bitches. You all sold lots of kisses today. Except for you, Megan, I'm afraid you get a stormy cloud sticker today. I just hold on to all the money, 'cause bitches can't be trusted with it. We pool all the kissing money together, see? But if you wanna buy anything, you just talk to the bottom bitch  Do you know what I am saying?  Yo, Bebe. Bebe yo. Bitch you wanna make some motherfuckin' money? Bitch you should be doin' kisses on the playground. You can make fifty bucks a day! Buy all the purses and shoes that you've ever wanted. I'll treat you right, bitch. Oh, alright then.  Bitch, don't you wanna start makin' some real fuckin' money? Why you were made for the playground, bitch. You should be out there workin'. Don't you want a new lunch box? Nice new coat? I can get all that for you, bitch. What? Oh. Well all I'm sayin' the bitch should be out there workin' is all.  Whatcha doin' bitch? Just givin' kisses to Stan for free? Why you should be makin' some motherfuckin' money!  Clyde, here's a hundred bucks. If Stan comes near me, punch him. Come on Wendy, you should be puttin' that mouth to work. All these bitches are kissin' fellers, and they haven't figured out that they can be making some serious fuckin' money! Really glad you joined the company, Annie! Now remember: you're chargin' five dollars for a kiss, two for a hug, and six for half and half. Alright bitch? Alright, how about a freebie?  Sure, Kyle. Kyle, every boy pays for kisses. Do you know what I am saying? If you've got a girl, and she kisses you, sooner or later you're paying for it. You've gotta take her out to lunch, take her to a movie, and then spend time listenin' to all her stupid problems. Look, look at Stan right there.  He's gotta sit there and listen to her stupid motherfuckin' problems 'cause she kisses him. If you ask me, that's a ''lot'' more than the five dollars my company charges. What happened is that I became a man! I'm sorry I'm not your little buddy anymore, but there's a time people have to grow up!  And that's... three thousand dollars today for Charise.  REALLY great work, bitch! That is another...  sunshine sticker for you.  Mmmwhoa boy! And so, I would like to see if there are any housing loan opportunities for some of my employees, and also what kind of corporate tax I should be filing under. It's a kissing company. Oh sure! My black employee Charise over there, one time she made two thousand dollars, on one customer! Can you believe it? Two thousand dollars just to kiss a feller. She currently stays in a motel room, 'cause a lot of her customers see her late.  You wouldn't believe the time of night some fellers wanna kiss. 'Course. My bottom bitch keeps a database of all our customers, specially the VIPs, like Senator Morris. Sure! Senator Morris gets kisses every day at lunchtime. You know where he likes to get kissed? In a motel room. Darnedest thing. He must get sleepy. Huh? Why? But I heard ACORN helps pimps and their bitches! Heey! Mr. Daniels! You get kisses from my bitch Roxy in the alley behind Sizzler.  Boy, how do you like that, bitches? Approval for two housing loans and tax-exempt status. File these away, Sally.  Whoa whoa, bitches, bitches! Oh. Well we operate on a sixty-forty split here. Bitches have access to Medicare and now, low-income housing loans. What's that? Well wait, hold on now. Why I'd never get in the way of somebody being happy. Well us pimps gotta be good. Even to each other. Wha? Awww.  Gals. Gals, could you all come gather round? Gather round, gals; take a knee.  Gals, I... well I'm afraid I can't do this anymore. I'm gonna be leavin' the company. Well I enjoyed being your pimp and all, it's just that... when I see real love, like what those two people have, well, well it just makes me feel like a... well, like a dick. Well I may be a man now, but it doesn't mean I have the right to be earnin' money for what girls do, whether you're chargin' fellers for kisses by cash or by makin' them listen to your stupid motherfuckin' problems. Well that's your hard work. Bitches, this is your company now, so get out there, and make yourselves some motherfuckin' money! Yes! Yehhehehes! Ohhh. Yeah, that makes sense. Let's do this! Triceratops! I got, half a mind to report, r-report you to the police, sir!  Okey doke. Hmboy, wrestling sure is fun! Hey! No! No, the fight hasn't started yet. No, bad. Now hold on! I am stopping the fight!  Eoh! That's because your mother betrayed my mother, Juggernaut! Yeah! No way! I'm freaking out... Juggernaut! There is to be an Ultimate Smackdown this Saturday! Are you going to run from that as well? No Irene, please! Just this once, do not abort this baby! Stay out of my business Sergeant Hammerclaw! You just stay out of my way!  Are you sure? He's closer to a panther than you'll ever be! Hey Stan! I heard you were looking for people who care about the Japanese slaughterin' whales. Nononono, I got stuff to do. But I wanted to tell you there's these fellers on TV. They go out in the ocean an' try to stop the Japanese wherever they are. I watch their show all the time. And, they take volunteers. What are you guys talkin' about? Harleys are neato! I always thought, someday when I grow up I'm gonna get a Harley. Then people will have to notice me, and they'll have to deal with my shit for once. The open road! The wind on my face! I'll go from city to city! Rowrrowrroowwrr! Everyone lookin' at me! "Who's that guy? He must be a Hoo- he must be tough!" Vromvrom, vromvrom, vrooom! I'll have my girl on the back seat holdin' on to my fat belly - sure she's missin' a few teeth, but she thinks I'm coool. That's why, when I grow up, I'm gonna be a Harley rider! It does? Okay.   You fellers never got what these people are really about! Freedom! Rebellion against the system! A living image of independence! Solid, defiant, and supremely cool, the biker is an All-American icon of resilient individuality and freedom. I'm not a fag yet, sirruh but a but I am bike-c-curious. Oh jeez! Hey Wendy! Wendy! Is it true? That you hate Smurfs? Hey now! Me and us fellers were just asking questions!  It is true! What did the Smurfs ever do to you! Ya bitch! I just called the president a bitch. Hey Eric! Oh you bet! I love all the stuff you said about how our school president never does anything, and how she's changing everything. Cool, thanks.   Yeah, and she hates Smurfs! Whoa...  That does it! Our student council is corrupt and has to be dealt with! We need to get all the kids together who wanna fight back and tell them to meet after school! We will forever remember this day, the day we finally stood up to Wendy Testaburger! I don't know about all of you, but I have had enough! We've been sitting back and watching as our school slowly goes into the toilet! But today, we do something about it!  Let us not forget what happens this day! We are here, Wendy Testaburger!  I am. The students want answerrrrs! Go on the Morning Announcements if you've got nothing to hide! Wah!  Answer for your crimes on the Morning Announcements! Ohhh, he's got her now! She's speechless! All right! Cartman's president. We did it. What do you guys wanna do first? I hear they have a new inner tube slide.  Okay, thanks.  You said "go ahead". Yeah, come on, Kyle, I'm not the only person who's peed in the pool. Lots of people do. You bet! The who? Whoopie!  Oh b-hoy, the waves are startin' up again! Come on, Kyle! Yeah, if anything you should wash your hands ''before'' you touch your weiner!  Do you need to wash your hands? You said you could hold your breath the longest, Kyle. Well yeah, seeing all that running water always makes me ''need'' to pee. Please, Kyle, I wanna go home. You can do it, Kyle!  Hawww, you lived? What's this? So, anyway, I passed him a note, but then Johnny...  (Oh, hi, guys.) (What about her?) (But what?)  (Huh?) (Woo-hoo! Woo-hoo-hoo! Yeah, hey, yay!)   (Hey, Tammy!) (Yeah, I was kinda thinking we could go to TGI Friday's.) (Yep. I like the food!) (Jonas Brothers?) (Thanks.)  (Yeah. Tammy said if I got her the tickets for the concert, she would give me a B.J.!) (Of course, dude!)  (I don't care. I've gotta get some protection.) (I'd like a box of condoms, please.) (Uhm, I'll take one of those.) (Cool!)  (No, I'm not young and I want a B.J.) (Yep! Woo-hoo!)  (All right! Come on, let's get to the parking lot. Woo-hoo!)   (No, no, we're going to your place now!)  (Hey!) (No, fuck that, dude! I bought the fucking tickets!)  (Hey! What the fuck?!) (A purity ring.) (Yeah, it's a purity ring.) (It means I'm gonna be pure and not have sex until I get married.) (I did! I was really excited to get a B.J. but now I have to wear this motherfucking purity ring!) (Yeah.)    (Oh, ''Grey's Anatomy''. Cool! Oh man, this is a great season. Look at all this stuff, so cool.) (Yeah...)  (And not getting a blowjob...) (I agree. Let's put in this DVD and watch ''Grey's Anatomy''.) (Take off the ring? You can take off the ring??)  (Really?) (Yeah. Screw this crap!)  (Me too!)  (What do you think is wrong with him?) (Holy shit, dude!) (No, scroll down some more, scroll down some more.) (Yeah.)  (Son of a fucking bitch!) (Stacey Anderson?)  (I came here to kick your ass once and for all!) (Yeah, we've been talking.) (Yep.) (They're gonna hurt ''our'' chances.) (We've gotta bring somebody else on.) (Mhm.) (I can keep the baby...) (Yeah, me neither.) (Yeah, totally!) (I just want to be on TV.) (And they're all shot.)  (I would do anything!)  (Yeah, can we go?) (Meee toooo.)  (This is fucking ridiculous.)  (Jesus fucking Christ!) Hi, Ken. You decide what you wanna do after school? TGI Friday's? Yeah, okay. But...  See, I was watchin' the Disney Channel, and that show came on with the Jonas Brothers. You know that teenage boy band? Every time I see them I get so tingly. I just completely lose control.  Go, baby! Whoooo! Kenny, you're the best for bringing me here. Isn't this awesome?   Whoooooo!  Aaah-oww! You're so hot, Kevin! I love you, Joe! Oh, my God, I am so worked up! I just want to attack you, Kenny!  Huh? They want me to come backstage? Oh, my God! It's a dream come true!  What? You think so? Me neither.   Purity rings? Aw Ken, look what we've become. We're way too young to be this boring. No! I don't want to watch ''Grey's Anatomy'', Ken. Let's take off these rings, Ken. Let's take them off and just be kids again. There'll be plenty of time to wear rings and be boring and lame when we reach our late 30s and we're boring and lame anyway. Oh I feel better already! What say you and me... go to TGI Fridays? There you are, young man. Two tickets to the Jonas Brothers concert. Hello young man, welcome to Sur la Tahbluh. Can I help you? Oh, that's all we get anymore, returns. Could you please just put the receipt here on this tahbluh.  Sorry, our computers are a little slow today. We need a new Ethernet cahbluh. Oh, I'm sorry, sir, I'd like to give you a refund but I'm afraid it's not doahbluh. I said I'm not ahbluh, sir. You see, this Margaritaville was purchased with a payment plan? Well an outside financing company handles those payment plans. Customers just pay for some of the machine and the finance company pays for the rest.  Have a good flight. Next, please?   I see. You five boys are all booked through to Cairo by yourselves? Box of condoms. Certainly, little boy. What kind would you like? These here? Why, certainly.  ''Bay-bay! I'm hot.'' ''Tell me how was I to know?'' ''Was it 'cause I wanted to wait till we were married...'' ''The seasons change.'' ''And the world goes round.'' '''Cause I still love you, bay-bay!'' Hey, listen, we saw you out there in the audience. Blow whats? We all wear purity rings. It means we are going to be pure and not have sex until we're married. So, what do ya say, girls? You wanna be kid hipsters like us and wear purity rings too? This is bullpucky! Our decision is final! We have decided, as a band, not to wear purity rings anymore! We don't care about the company. Look, we just want our concerts to be about our music, and not about purity rings. Well we don't wanna be selling sex to little girls anymore. Well, well, maybe we'll just refuse to go onstage.   No, Mr. Mouse. Hello. Uh, we're gonna be doin' a live concert from Red Rocks tonight that will be live-broadcast on the Disney Channel. Well. Um.  We, we wear these to symbolize how pure we are and how we ...um don't approve of things that are naughty or filthy. Yeah. Uh huh. Huh? You see? We were right about the purity rings! A nice Christian symbol can't be used for profit gains. Come on guys.  ''He's hot.''  Eww!  ''You'd take your love and go.'' ''To put my arm around you?'' Good night, Denver. We love you all!  Hey, there, girls!  ''Bay-bay!'' ''The world goes round and round and round.'' ''Love you, bay-bay!'' Yeah, you were getting a little crazy out there. And see if you'll wear purity rings from now on. That's just how we roll. Yeah.  No, sir. Uh huh. Yeah. ''Bay-bay!''  Look, we called you back here because we want to share our love of Christ with you. And it means we stay away from bad stuff and avoid people who swear and watch naughty TV shows. Yeah. And be sure to give a ring to all the kids you care about, 'cause it's the hip new way to roll. Yeah, we've had it, Goshdarnit! Yeah, you tell 'em, Joe. We aren'--we aren't afraid of him. Let's be strong, guys. We... need to talk about something. No, Mr. Mouse. Oh, oh-and it's gonna be in 3-D.  Yeah. We've all angered God. At my house? Why my house? Ho!  I gotta sit middle 'cause I get motion sickness.  Good job, Butters! JESUS CHRIST! Heheh, oh Jesus Christ.  Oh my God.  Hear hear! Yes Jesus yes! And, uh, you too, little girl in the red. Band would like you to come backstage. You, too, little girl in the puppy T-shirt.  All right, right this way, girls. Yeah, come on in everyone. The band is waiting for you.  It's over, Mr. Mouse. Everyone's tuning out.  Why do you think they called us back here? Well, I'm not doing it! Just 'cause they're rock stars doesn't mean I'll do that! They must-a wanna have sex with us. Sure, they're a band. They called us back here so we can give them blowjobs. Let's just get to the blowjobs. Yeah, I'm not giving a blowjob to anybody!  Okay. Yeah, we found out that once you wear purity rings, it's best to hang out with other couples that do. Got more in common. Isn't that right, Sarah? We look forward to it all week long.  It's the most fun I've had in weeks.  You know? What Carole and I enjoy is ''Grey's Anatomy''. We love ''Grey's Anatomy'', don't we, Carole? We adore ''Grey's Anatomy'', don't we, Nancy? Sure is sweet. Adore it. Kenny and Tammy, do you watch ''Grey's Anatomy''? Aaand cut. Great video shoot, guys. Uh oh, looks like we've got a problem. And you're gonna say that to the boss's face? Uh we'll just leave you alone.  Boys, I know you're tired, but the purity rings are important to the company's image. Well, I hope you're right, because the boss is on his way here. Now.  Oh Jesus, he's here. The boss is here!   What's all this I'm hearing about not wearing the purity rings, haha? So uh, I guess we have some issues, haha? Oh boy! I just love flying all the way to Colorado to hear about your problems, haha. Oh Gosh, fellas, let me explain this to you one more time. You have to wear the purity rings because that's how we can sell sex to little girls, haha. See, if we make the posters with little girls reaching for your junk, then you have to wear purity rings or else Disney Company looks baaad, haha. The rings stay on!  Now, do we have a problem?! Haha. Oh, that's good, 'cause I thought we had a problem for a minute there, haha.   In 3-D. Don't forget to mention in 3-D. Yeah, that's good. Get a close-up on their purity rings. Close-up on the purity rings, haha.  Oh boy! This is TV gold, haha.   Are they from DreamWorks? Goddamn Eisner trying to hurt this company again, haha? You aren't ruining my plans this time, DreamWorks, haha!  They almost ruined everything, haha. How did something like this happen, haha?  Answer me, haha!  You just tried to ruin Disney Company's big night for your own amusement, huh?! Haha. SHUT UP!  Haha. You'd better start talkin', haha!  You'd better start talkin' right now, haha! You're lying! I'll cut you up, haha!  Ohhh. Haha. Hello, folks. Now now, take it easy, haha. Here's the Jonas Brothers. No! Stop! Bring them back here! NO! NO GODDAMNIT! NO! SHUT UP! SHUT! UP! AAAAAAGH!   Vengeance is mine! You are all ants and I am your destroyer, haha. Live from Five News Studio in Colorado, it's Good Mornin' Denver. And now, Disney Channel presents... the Jonas Brothers 3-D concert spectacular!  This is a 9 News Special Report. RECESSION: A NATION IN PERIL. You are watching the Canada Channel, the only channel in Canada. ...will not be seen tonight, so that we may bring you this Queef Sisters Special! And now, here he is! Jimmy Kimmel!  Here he is, y'all! Give it up for Kanye West! This is Nine News at Ten. This is CNN... N. On this episode of ''Ghost Hunters''  Now the Ghost Hunter team will roll out and get to the bottom of it. It's the gayest show in the fucking world; ''Ghost Hunters''! And here he comes now, the cold-blooded wrestler from Mexico, El Pollo Loco!  Uh oh, here she comes now! It's Bad Irene!  It's El Pollo Loco!  And now, Larry King, live. On this episode of Real Actual Whale Wars, Captain Marsh searches for the Japanese fleet, knowing they could be absolutely anywhere.   Captain Marsh races his boat to the last known location of the Japanese whalers. If he doesn't get there in time, hundreds of dolphins or whales could die. On deck the crew is surprised at what they see. The other boat is from Deadliest Catch, a crab-fishing reality show. But everywhere his reality show's boat turns, the crab fishing reality boat blocks its path.  It's been three hours and the crab fishing reality show isn't budging.  Captain Marsh's boat is dead in the water. He can't go after the Japanese, he can't help the whales or dolphins. Once again on Whale Wars, nothing is happening. The crab-fishing reality show is doing just fine.  But for the Whale Wars crew, it appears the show is over. Until... a sound is heard.  This is Channel 4 Evening News.  Live, from the principal's office, these are the morning announcements. Here, is Eric Cartman. We are joined this morning by the Disney supergroup the Jonas Brothers. Hello boys.  Now, tell us what you're doin' here in Denver, guys. Now, guys, a lot has been made about your "purity rings". Can you tell us about those? That's wonderful, boys.  It's good that little girls can see a concert and not have it be about sex. We understand that at the concert tonight you'll be dousing girls in the audience with white foam. Is that correct? Well can you give our audience a peek?  That's great stuff, boys. You like takin' the Jonas Brothers' hot foam in your faces, girls? Hey, what do you think you're doing?! Fifteen minutes, that's fifteen minutes, people! Get another mic on that drum kit! Truly a night of magic as we're set for the biggest concert event of the year! Everyone around the country is tuning in to see Disney's latest kid pop stars. We understand the Jonas Brothers are getting ready. What's going on backstage must be exciting. In about ten minutes, the Jonas Brothers are going to take the stage in what Disney is calling "the most pure and innocent rock event of the millennia." Do we put the 3-D glasses on now, da-da? Not yet, Katie.  That's it girls. No more Disney TV for a while. BOOO!! Gay fish! Gay fish! Gay fish! Aye! Tom, the Disney Jonas Brothers 3D Television Special has failed, costing the Disney Company millions, and once again Mickey is pissed off and throwing a fit. The Disney purity ring venture will now most likely prove a marketing bust, as Mickey returns to Valhalla to slumber and feed.   This artist rendition of Mysterion has already generated thousands of copies. As hundreds of people gather to try and get a glimpse of the superhero, one question remains: Who is Mysterion?  The impossible has happened. Mysterion, beloved protector of the city, is dead. Who will save us now? Tom, I'm standing outside the Hadron particle super-collider in Switzerland, where authorities are shocked and baffled over the theft of a superconducting bending magnet created for use in tests with particle acceleration. The superconducting magnet was stolen sometime last week. Surveillance cameras were able to record the theft on tape and police are now looking for  If you have any information of Princess Leia's whereabouts, please call your local police department. The world holds its breath as an alien ship prepares to land. Now that our planet has achieved warp speed, we're about to be welcomed into the universal society. All thanks to a father and son who broke the warp barrier using only the parts in this  Pinewood Derby car kit. Our first encounter with extraterrestrial life is about to happen. Will it be like in ''Star Trek: First Contact''? Or will it be more like ''Contact'', with Jody Foster?  And so, as we commit this young child to the earth, let us all be reminded that syphilis is still a deadly disease, and it can be caught even if using protection. This young boy learned the hard way that there's no guarantee... For the world of oral sex is a world... You've really done an amazing thing, Mr. Marsh. People have learned to hold on to their money so as not to feel the sting of the Economy's mighty sword. Spend more?! What mockery is this?! Are you retarded, Stotch?! The Economy is omnipotent! Which means it can do anything! So saying it would be limited to one Son is fucking stupid! Yep, I think we gotta kill the Jew. On this gorgeous day we bring these two together for the most important ta-  Lisa I had a really great time tonight. Would you... mind very much if I kissed you?  'Scuse me? Oh, it's a talking squirrel.  Oh! Oh! Ow! Wugh! Oh! Ugh! L-lisa! Call me! Oh! Ow!  Oh that really stings. Heeey, welcome to Big Orange Finance Company, yeah. Have a seat. You want some Carmex? Oh yeah no, you know what? No, yeah. Yeah, we can't give you your money back for that, yeah, no. You'd have to talk to the people on Wall Street, yeah, mmmm. Yeah, no, see, what I do is find Americans who want a frozen beverage machine but can't afford one, and I hook them up with investors who want to get into the margarita bill payment plan business, yeah. Yeah, so the problem is your Margaritaville payment plan has been combined with thousands of others into one big Margaritaville security, yeah, no. Yeah. No. Yeah...  I did too, Josh. Not at all.  O-hoh, yes Josh. Yehehessss! Ah!  A woman being raped. This is what our city has been reduced to. When the money goes, the raping starts. Women are helpless... without the Coon.  Let her go! You aren't raping anyone tonight!   Another woman saved from rape. But how many more rapists are out there? Don't let the city's peacefulness fool you, commissioner! It's too quiet. There was another rapist in the park tonight.  It's no coincidence. It must be a rapist plot and it stinks to the top. I think the Mayor might be involved. It's my theory she might have a lesbian lover who's holding her leash.  What do we know about the Mayor's sexual preferences?  Now I'm back over here. I'm right here now.  Yes, I have to go now.  Make sure all your men get a look at these, detective!  Who the hell are you? Aw nonononono, I am the symbol this town needs!  Dude, seriously, you can't do that! Go home! I was, I was doing this first! Yeah huh! You heard of the Coon and now you're being a copycat. Is that your name? Copycat? Mysterion? That's fucking retarded! You just gave yourself away, Craig! Only you would think of a name that dumb! Yeah? Well you cannot know my true identity either.  Well you're wrong! I'm not Eric Cartman and he's not fat! Care to guess again?! Oh all right Kyle! Yeah, took me real long to figure it out! Only you, Kyle, would be a buzzkill, and try to steal my thunder! You don't care about stopping crime, you're just doing this... 'cause you hate me, Kyle! No, I'm no- I  I'm sayin' that... Goddammit Stan is that you? It is you, isn't it? Clyde? Clyde, you're not a superhero, I am! NO! Dude, I'm seriously! You're being a copycat! I'll sue you!  Motherfucker!  How is it that nobody came to Coonicon 09? This is just, this is fucking ridiculous! Yes, it's fine! What do you mean "continued"? You don't know who I am! No, I'm not that kid!  You're a fucking douchebag! Get outta here! Dude, seriously? I'm gonna kick the shit out of you if you don't stop! That's what I'm supposed to say! I know it's you, Kyle. Just stop! Fireworks are illegal in Colorado, you asshole!  Hey, he's got fireworks!  Sometimes when a superhero needs answers, he has to turn to the wretched underbelly of society. Come out where I can see you!  I didn't want to resort to this, but he could have the answers I need.  I'm not here to stop you this time, Chaos! I need information. I didn't call you to fight, Chaos! I came to see if you know Mysterion's identity.  I'm not on his side! That's it!  Agh- Stop it! You, you... butthole! Knock it off! Listen to me! I want to... help you... get rid of Mysterion! Because Mysterion is trying to  Because Mysterion is trying to say he's the hero this town needs! But that's my job! Yeah, but he's a fuckin' dick! I want him gone just as much as you do! N- I'm the good guy, Chaos. I don't betray people.  I didn't like having to work with this scumbag. But I knew Mysterion was out there, plotting his next move. You guys have your own storage facility? I'll take a Sprite. You have an entire wall dedicated to Mysterion? What about...? Do you, do you still have that "Who Is The Coon?" T-shirt I gave you? Why is Cartman crossed out? He, he could be Mysterion. Alright, al, alright, alright, look, Chaos. Just set up a video camera. I know how we can put an end to Mysterion once and for all. If you don't make good on your threats, Chaos, then what good ''are'' your threats? Sometimes blowing up hospitals is for the greater good, Chaos. You know, you're a little scrotum-licker dude! Why don't you shut the fuck up?!   Fear not everyone! Coon is here to save the day. Don't worry, Mysterion!  The Coon will now help you! That was great teamwork, Mysterion. South Park is safe. Until next time. Well, people are obviously so desperate to learn your identity that they'll do anything. Won't be long before the next villain comes along and threatens violence unless you take off your mask.  Don't you think he knows that?! But superheroes know that sometimes you have to sacrifice yourself for the greater good. So that the next terrorist can threaten South Park if he doesn't unmask himself?! I knew it was you! 'Member I even said it before! }} Here's that file on the Rodriguez case, detective. Hey, you get out of here. Out. He's gone. Jail's full, sir. 'Scuse us, Earthlings, but uh, we've been in pursuit of a criminal from the Xenon galaxy. Fella by the name of Baby Fark McGee-zax? Well, ya think anyone else on your planet might have seen him? He stole over 600 parsohns of space cash from the universal bank. You're absolutely sure you didn't see an alien land here? So then... we're the first aliens you've ever seen? You don't seem that excited about your first contact with alien life.  If you do see any sign of the other alien or the space cash you- Mathematical semi-tonal is fine.  Huh. I don't know, Davert. Just somethin' about that planet didn't feel right.  Looks like the alien criminal did land here after all. And so, did you find the missing space cash? Uh huh. Guess he must have dropped it off at some other planet. Well you folks all take care now.  Just... one more thing, Earthlings, uh... We had some images done of your planet and it appears that one of your poorer countries - Mexico? - has built 32 new hospitals and seven water parks in the last four days. Uh huh. Have a good day.  Well we're a little puzzled over one of your countries? Uh, Finland? None of you knew anything about Finland's destruction? Your son seems to have some pretty inspirational words. You sure you Earthlings have nothing else to tell us? All right, that's it then. Come on out sir, it appears to be over.  Captain, these two men claim to know the situation.  Alright, things are pretty quiet out there, boys. Let's try to get caught up on some paperwork. Murphy I want you to-  Oh, not this kid again. What? Jesus Christ,  Alright, listen: you have five seconds to leave or we're gonna put you in the jail and call your parents! Whatever. Then we'll just put you in-   All right, stop it! What's in here?  Oh, Mysterion, thank God you've come. What news do you have? You are a beacon of hope in an otherwise bleak and dreary world!   Don't do it, Mysterion! If you show your identity we'll be forced to arrest you for being a vigilante! Well I'm sorry but you're under arrest. Take the kid to jail.   I'm an angel keeping watch over the city at night. As violence and darkness take over the streets, I work to rid this city of crime. I'm the symbol this town needs. Nuh uh. I am Mysterion. I might be Craig, and then again I might not be. My identity must remain a secret. You cannot know. I assume you must be Cartman, because you're fat. I really don't care who you are. Kyle hates Eric Cartman. Are you saying you're Eric Cartman? I cannot stand here and make idle conversation any longer. The city needs my help. There are innocents to protect.   There's some graffiti on the bridge again. I think those sixth grade kids are doing it. And the guy at the movie theater is harassing Mexicans again. This city needs my help. It cries for protection and I will- I don't have time for this.   Hello Kyle. Do not be afraid. I mean you no harm. Yes. But now I believe someone is trying to learn my true identity.  I cannot be unmasked, for then I would stop being a symbol. I need help. Somebody who can do background checks for me, do some investigating. Because I think you are the smartest kid in class.  Why are you doing this?! This isn't your usual MO, Chaos! What next time? Citizens, tonight has shown me I have no choice ''but'' to unmask myself. No, it's true. As long as my identity is a mystery, this will just happen again and again. It has to end. I will show my face.  Got everything you need here, sir? Okay on beverages, buffet items? Great. Hey, I just want to say that the Airport Hilton really appreciates your continued business. Aren't you that little boy who had his ginger pride rally and his AIDS benefit here, before? Oh. Oh oh really? Oh my bad. I'm actually relieved. That kid was kind of a douchebag. Oh, hello sweetie. What did you do today?  Aww, what happened, hun? Tonight an incredible story of an unknown child in South Park who has taken to the streets in an effort to fight crime. But who exactly is... Mysterion?  Curious crowds in the town of South Park, Colorado.  They've brought binoculars and camera phones trying to get a shot of a mysterious superhero. If you have any idea about the true identity of Mysterion, please call the 9 News Hotline. The clock is ticking and the citizens of South Park are gripped in fear. Two days ago an evil unknown terrorist threatened major consequences if Mysterion  does not reveal his identity. Since the threat was issued there has been no sign of Mysterion. Where is Mysterion? An economic crisis has hit South Park and the nation like never before. Another South Park bank has closed down, leaving thousands of people in debt. Just how far will the economy fall? We asked economic reporter Dan Banks for his assessment.  We'll have the rest of Dan's interview tonight at 10. For the first time in almost a year, the economy in South Park has taken a small, but noticeable upturn.  Are we out of the woods yet? Only time will tell. But we must not forget the sacrifice one person made to restore our faith and make us believe in the economy once again. The person we must thank every day for his amazing sacrifice.  It is quite possibly the funniest joke over conceived, and its origin is unknown. The fishsticks joke crosses all border, all races, all ages and ethnic groups and is slowly uniting our country. In fact, the only person who appears to not get the joke is rapper Kanye West, who becomes furious when people use the joke on him. Uh, he was dressed mostly in black with a kind of... cloak. He's right.  It's pee!  Here! Hey kid, grab this stick!  He jumped down from the fire escape stairs, and then he just ran off. We barely got a look at him. We've gotta just wait it out. To me it looked like Mysterion to me. Everyone who's seen Mysterion, say yeah! This is the first guy to actually make sense.   Look out for the pee!  Are you okay? Well what are we gonna do now? Yeah!  Ohhh. Oh no, not Finland. Oohhhhh!  Boooooooo! Awwwww!  Huh? What? Well I, I think he's kind of a symbol for the town, you know? A, a symbol that everyone who's sick of crime can uh can rally behind. Yes tell us. We need to find somethin' to paddle with.  Well if you ask me, he's a menace. There's no room for vigilantism in today's world! Tell us. We'll get right on it, Mysterion. Thank you. Thank you for all your help.  Godspeed, Mysterion!  Something wrong, sir? Well maybe someone else on your planet knows where it is? It appears to have been... destroyed. We didn't say anything about nukes. Whenever a civilization discovers warp speed, we want to bring them into the Federation of Planets, but first we do the space cash test, to see if that species is worthy of joining. Sir, it's possible with a crane we could help any survivors out. Answer the call to save her. Yeah, so do I. I don't know, it's just a cool costume. Sure was better when our parents were buyin' us stuff. They're gonna finally reveal who Phillip farted on to get out of jail. I threw up on my way home. Hey. Yes.  Yes.   He's the most awesome kid in school! Somalia? Where's that? Well, there's really not that many of us. We figured we should let him join. And your mom is okay with that? Yeah maybe we should think about this. This is Somalia? You said there was gonna be crystal clear lagoons and treasure and plunderrrr!  No it's not! You made me run away to be a pirate and there's not even any treasure!  Hard to port! I hate it here and I wanna go home!!  You guys, we got it!  We got it. Sally Darson is selling kisses for five dollars. She hangs out behind the temp building during afternoon recess. She'll kiss any boy that pays her.  So then when she sticks her tongue out you just kind of lick it with your tongue. Wow wee.   How are you so sure Mysterion is a boy? Hey, Stan, you wanna maybe study together after school? What day? God, they're so stupid.  What's going on? It's when a woman blows air out her vag, Annie. Wait a minute. I've got an idea. Hey, guys, we have a little surprise for you. And he's not fat at all. You saved everyone from the Jewbots, Cartman. Leave me alone. Stan! Is what true? I don't have time for this. Try to understand this: all I do is try to help run student council. I don't give a crap about Smurfs! Maybe you guys should check into what student council actually does, before you just blindly listen to what some idiot with a microphone tells you!  I really don't care, Stan. I'm not giving Eric Fartman one minute of my time, you got that?! I'm not acknowledging his stupid questions. If you want him dealt with, you'll have to do it yourself!   Hey, what are you doing? It's okay Dad, I'll take care of it. Yeah, well, Butters peed on my house. If we could just keep it to questions about Student Council? Sure. Okay. I don't, I, I have no idea what- I believe there is a ...few things wrong with the school, but- Look, Eric, you have to understand. The Smurfberries were our school government's only option. What was I supposed to do? The school was running out of power. We tried relocating the Smurfs at first, but they wouldn't budge! So we decided to get somebody on the inside. A member of the school who could act like one of the Smurfs and learn their secrets. But of course you know that, don't you? I'm just asking a question. We all knew you were sent in to live with the Smurfs, but did you know they would be wiped out?  Nobody expected you to fall in love with Smurfette. You went to learn from them, but instead you became one of them, right? Fought against your own kind when you knew we'd stop at nothing! Do you know that one Smurfberry can power the school for two months? One Smurfberry! No, it's okay! It's all out in the open now. I wouldn't have had to kill the Smurfs if they would have simply moved on. But you gave them the will to stay, and I guess... you can't be blamed for that. And that is why... I'm stepping down. You were right all along, Cartman. And I am hereby making you the student body president. No, you're right. The students all deserve to know the truth. And so I have answered what really happened in my new book, ''Going Rogue on the Smurfs''. Luckily with the money I made selling the movie rights to my book, I'll be okay. James Cameron. Go look. The movie came out already. Hahahahahahahahaaa... Look what the cat dragged in. What's the matter, Coon? Nervous? How utterly delightful! The heroic and mighty Coon  come to put a stop to me again. Oh I'm sure you do. But you see I  But you see I also know you like to beat me up. Oh I'm close. And I'll put an end to him, and all of you goody-two-shoe heroes! Do you think I'm a fool?! All those times you stopped me from my acts of evil! All those times you tricked me into meeting you, and then ga- and then gave me titty-twisters! Not this time, Coon! I finally learned my lesson! Now, General Disarray!  O- oh careful General Disarray. Hehyeah! We beat him, General Disarray!  Let him go, General Disarray!  Why would you help us?! But you both fight for justice and good. Very well. I will show you what we know about Mysterion's identity, but if this is some kind of setup- Weh- oh yeah.  This way! We will now show you our secret headquarters of DOOM. Actually it belongs to General Disarray's grandma, um but she lets us use it.  We have everything we need here. Can I offer you a Coke or a Sprite or something? Uhget the Coon a Sprite, General Disarray.  As you can see we too have been working hard on Mysterion's identity. Oh yeah, I think it's around here somewhere. Uh, using our photos we are tryin' to pinpoint Mysterion's identity. No, he's too fat. Based on his body type it's gotta be someone like Stan or Kyle.   Jesus Christ. Hey Coon w-we aren't actually gonna blo- blow up anything, are we? But you really wanna blow up a hospital? I mean, a-aren't you a good guy? Aww jeez General Disarray, this is a lot more than I ever really intended.  Whoa. Oh hamburgers! Aaah, a m m Mysterion, I b-, I beg you, I mean ah, judahadahada... Whowell I b- Well I b- ah I just would jes one nigh-, and then the Coon saw it up and I wa able to, and was able to  Waaugh! Yeah, we did it! Okay sorry sorry! I'm sorry! I give up! Please, I give up! Well, wait! I thought we were workin' together.   Where is Mysterion?  You know, I've been thinking: if we're really evil villains, then ''we'' should betray ''him'', and blow ''him'' up ''with'' the hospital. AAAGH!  What is that? Tell us what to do. Look! Mysterion and Professor Chaos are fighting! Tell us, Randy, what we should do! Give him hell, Mysterion!  What should we do, Randy?! Look out Mysterion! General Disarray is behind you!  That's all well and good, but we can do the Road Warrior.   Maybe he's okay. We're pirates. I've got balls!  The whales are taking out the crab fisherman reality show! Look out!  Yeah, but for how long? Jesus Christ, we need backup out here!  I think I can get a shot at Chaos, sir. He's all right!   He's dead. Mysterion is dead. We best speak with the Council, and tell them... a young Jew is speaking heresy towards the Economy. Nooo...  Wait! Look!  Council, I bring news of discord! A young Jew was in the town square speaking blasphemy about the Economy! He was saying that... your ideas are false and the Economy is not vengeful. He was rallying people to spend more! Isn't that Bruce Vilanch? 'Scuse me, we need to borrow your squirrels. You have sinned! Garrison, you have brought your filth to this town for the last time! Take that punishment, heathen!  Move aside, kid! He must pay for his stand mixer. What's ridiculous about hucking squirrels at a man who has angered the Economy?! Be careful Bruce Vilanch! There are superhumans fighting right over there! Your teacher was caught buying a KitchenAid Stand Mixer at Bed Bath & Beyond! By all reports, the young Jew is not letting up! He is still going around convincing people to have faith in the Economy by shopping! Don't show your face, Mysterion! Well then, there's only one option: we have to kill the Jew. You have to be a symbol! It's a miracle.  Well I'll be. Why would someone do this?  Wow, a kid from my class was Mysterion.  It's just crazy, you know? Ev-everyone's affected by it. It's like all the money just... vanished. Now please, please!  Oh Jesus, I'm sorry. Please. Oh.  ''They're just the same as you and me. Their rights must be preserrrr-r-r-rrrved.'' Hey, hey Mackey? Do you like fishsticks? He's right. We don't have to call the police back. Alright children, I want you to copy down these math problems and solve them before recess. Butters! Butters, do you have a problem?! Stan, now more than ever you need to understand the importance of saving money. Go on, Stanley.  Hey I'm trying to teach my son the importance of savings. You already lost his money? Aw Jesus Christ! Sliced hot dogs and tomato slices?!   Finger pointing gets us nowhere, Steve! We have mocked our Economy. And now the Economy has cast its vengeance upon us all! Yea, it is an angry and unforgiving Economy. To repent we must stop frivolous spending! Instead of paying for cable let us watch clouds! Instead of buying clothes, wear but sheets from thine beds! Cut spending to only the bare essentials! Water and bread and margaritas, yea.  We have become lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of the Economy! There are those who will say that the Economy has forsaken us! Nay! You have forsaken the Economy!! And now you know the Economy's wrath! O thoust can shop at a sporting goods store, but knowest thou that the Economy will take away thy Broncos' cap from thine head!  Mock the Economy without fear! Thine own stockbrokers... now lie dead by their own hand and thou knowest that thy stockbrokers did not fear the Economy! Well here we are, my friends! You have brought the Economy's vengeance upon yourselves! We must all wear sheets instead of buying clothes that need detergent! Instead of cars that take gasoline we can... get around on llamas from Drake's farm! Instead of video games that take batteries and software, our kids will play with squirrels! We must let the Economy know that we are capable of respecting it! No more needless spending!  I am pretty smart, yea. But I have assembled this economic committee to make sure that everyone sticks to my new plan. Then perhaps soon our Economy will return to us. What?! Relax, Father Maxi. What harm can one Jew do against our... economic recovery movement? We've done everything we can and yet the Economy has not improved. Worse, it has declined! Poor Bart here just lost his job at Little Caesar's Pizza. Our tireless work is obviously being undermined by this one Jew. Why does he go around pretending to know the true will of the Economy? That is stupid, yea. And going around telling people to shop... is dangerous! What is this? What's going on? What's he doing? But that's... impossible. Why would he do this?  Uh there's about seventeen thousand dollars' worth here. Wow, the new Margaritaville!  Oh my God, well how is he doing? Yeah. Yeah, I'm sure. Huh, okay, well, thank you for telling me, Mr. Stotch, I'll spread the word. Yoeah, you take care. Bye.   Hey, pal. I heard about what happened at school today. You wanna talk about it? I know, pal. Sometimes... bad things happen to good people. But you know Butters is still Butters, and he needs you guys right now more than anybody. Hey, we're getting all the parents together and we're gonna take care of this, okay? Nothing like this will ever happen again. The question is how do we send a message to other girls in the school so this doesn't happen again!  What does that have to do with anything?  What was that? Oh my God, did you just...? At the table? Okay, that's enough, girls! Alright? I mean, how old are you, Sharon? Oh yeah. Yeah, that's really funny! Yeah okay? Let's just try to have a nice dinner, okay? Sharon! Marsh! That's it, I'm leaving!  That's completely different!  Heh, yeah?  Yeah? Come on Stanley, let's go.  It stopped being funny the second that air came out her vagina, Sharon!   and of course there's the- Th-that's not the same! We've got the Chinese Firecracker!  Jesus Christ!  Stan, we did it! Colorado Senate moves to ban queefing! Alright son! Yeah!!  HA! Read it and weep, Sharon! No more queefing! Aw come on.  Just because you can't queef anymore...  Stan, let's call the guys together. Maybe we can make this right. ''There's a time in our lives when we must listen to the oppressed.'' ''You face so many challenges to put an end to your grief.'' Alright,   We know! Sharon, Stan's Pinewood Derby race is tomorrow! Do you have any idea how important this is to him? Stan is not gonna lose to the goddamn Hollises again! That's 'cause you're a chick! Now just leave us alone!  Stan, how do you think the Hollises beat us every year?  There. It's, uh it's nothing, really. Alright Stan, we're gonna need to check in and have our car inspected to qualify.  Now, son, Daddy needs to teach you something very important about "tells." When you tell them you only used the approved kit, don't look up and away, don't rub your neck, and don't touch your ear. Otherwise they'll know you're lying to them. Alright? Whenever you need to lie, just don't look up and away, rub your neck, or touch your ear. Son. ...You have to learn how to lie correctly someday, might as well be today, alright? I love you, son.   Yes I do, yes I do.  Ey Hollis. You, uh, you guys race already? One point five? Come on, Stan, you can do this!  Oh yeah!  Suck on that, Hollis!  What?! What do you guys want?! We said we only used what was in the kit! You got nothin' on us! You got nothin' on us!  Oh. Hi, I'm Randy Marsh.  Hey, hey Sharon. So, so guess what? Our Pinewood Derby car found alien life in space. Yeah, but I guess it's just a dumb little race like you said, huh Sharon? Hullo? Oh okay uh, uh stand by I- I think it's, I think it's landing.  That's ours, Mr. Alien. We are the Marshes, Randy and Stan. He's got a gun! What do you want? Uh, yeah. Yeah, that's all we need, huh Stan?  Oh boy. Okay, let's ah put the wheels on now, son. We're working on it!   Yeah, thanks Stan, I know that.  Do you have any idea how stupid that would make us look?! Hello? Will you just give us a minute?! Gau!!  What?!  Uh, no.  We haven't seen anything. Ahhh actually I- I happen to be on the phone with all the world leaders- I- I can ask. Uh yeah, listen, these, uh, police aliens are here, and they're wondering if anyone's seen an alien named Baby Fark McGee-zax. Sorry, nobody in the world has seen anything. Uh... what did this... criminal alien do, exactly? No, we're sure. That's right, yep, you're the first ones. ...Uh. That's r-. That's right!  Oh, oh my God! Hey everybody, we just made first contact! We will give you a call! Alright son, now you just paint the racing stripe like you did before. Hey, the right paint job is a big part of what makes a Pinewood Derby car go fast! No. I've got it all figured out, son. You have to kill the alien. Sshh! I've been filing down this piece of metal into a shank. I'm gonna call him over here to look at the car, and when I do, you shove that in his neck. Oh no, that's uh that's it. We're done. Uh here. Come, come take a look. Here, see? Here look, look real close at the axles here.  Yeahaah! Ahalright, you got him son!  You see Stan? What did Daddy tell you? Everything worked out. But Stan, it's over now. We'll never have to lie again. Oh my God. Spaaace caaash.  Right.  Or what if we didn't call the cops? Well I mean...  this is a lot of space cash, guys. Think o'what we could do with it. Will you relax, Stan?  Alright, fine, look: there's plenty of space cash to go around!  Oh no, China, we get to keep the ship. Because we killed the alien, you boner! Oh-oh come on England, you got just as much of the space cash as everyone else!  Ah hey, space officers. Oh, that- You were talking about that alien. Oh yeah that one, he was here, yeah. He landed here, but we... we killed him.  There wasn't any space cash. Hey ah ah, any of you other countries see any space cash? Yeah, it doesn't look like the space cash was ever here.  Probably.  Oh... Yeah, Mexico. You know oh, oh, yeah. All of us other countries chipped in and uh, gave Mexico some aid. Yeah they really needed... some new water parks.  What the hell are you doing?! Will some country that speaks Spanish yell at Mexico please? They're gonna ruin everything! No, Japan! Will you listen to me for five seconds?! If you keep building giant robots the cops are gonna ask questions! Nobody can build anything!! Wha?! Finland?!   Will you just relax, Finland?! Nobody is gonna find out anything. Okay okay!  You're right. You're right, Finland! Okay? You're right. Can you just... let us other countries talk pr-private, for a moment? All right you guys, we've gotta get rid of Finland. Oh dammit! Uh hey, space officers. How can we help you?  Whaa-wha-what about it?  Whaaat? Oh my God, not Finland. Hey guys, Finland's dead. Yeah, somebody better break the news to Norway; they were really close.  No, I mean... Odds are, they nuked themselves. You know, suicide. Or, or whatever they did, I'm sayin'. Stan? Well Stan, we're proud of you for coming clean. But it doesn't change the fact that you cheated. Go to your room, son.  Hey uh, do we have anything else to tell the space cops?  Yeah, no, we've told you everything, space officers.  Aw shit, it's Baby Fark McGee-zax! It was... a trick? No heywaitwait, no!  Well that sucks!}} Pretty neat birthday, huh Stan?  MEMEME. I wanna kiss it! I wanna kiss it!  Sorry your birthday got a little ruined by the Japanese. Well Stan, the Japanese just... don't really like dolphins very much. Certainly not as much as us normal people do. But hey, at least you still got your T-shirt!   Great job, son. Now the Japanese are normal, like us.}} Isn't this great food? You know what's really interesting is that-  ...what's really interesting is that this place has a new owner, and they- Fags!  Look out, it's a bunch of pissed-off faggots!  I'm gonna pick you boys up right here at 4:00, you got it? What's going on? Sir, please, my son is in there! What's happened? Oh my God. I've gotta help him!  You can't just leave my son in there with all that pee! It's the pee! It's all pee, and nobody can go in or out! Sharon, the water park had a pee meltdown! They think a lot of people have died. I don't know! The whole water park has been quarantined! They're worried anyone left alive could be... sssome kind of raging, hate-filled mutants. Calm down, Sharon, all right?!  Calm down! They're trying to find an antidote. Once they believe they can neutralize the enraging effects of the pee, they'll, they'll go in to look for survivors. I'll do it.  Give me the banana.  Aww, ooogh, Aaaaaaaah. Aaaaaahhh. Aw, awww. No, wait, wait! Ugh. Eugh. I... I'm okay.   Okay, next please. How can I help you, young man? Well that's fantastic, a really smart decision, young man. We can put that check in a Money Market Mutual Fund, then we'll reinvest the earnings into foreign currency accounts with compounding interest aaand it's gone.  It's gone. It's all gone. The money in your account - it didn't do too well, it's gone. Not anymore you don't. POOF. I'm sorry sir, but this line is for bank members only. Do you have any money invested in this bank? Then please stand aside for people who actually have money with us. Next please.  Hello Mrs. Farnickle, how are you today? Making a deposit are we? Great, we can just put that into your retirement account and make it go to work for you aaaaand it's gone. Sorry, yeah, that's gone. Please step aside for people who actually have money with the bank. Next please. Oh, Mr. Marsh, don't worry. We can just transfer money from your account into a portfolio with your son's-- aaand it's gone! This line is for people who have money with the bank only. Please step aside!  What?  It's really terrifying. We... we've got no money to pay our mortgage now. We could very easily lose our house! The entire town has given over to your ways, Mr. Chairman. Everyone has even stopped using electricity so as to stop paying electrical bills. Perhaps... he is the Economy's only Son, sent to save us. There! Look!  It's the Jew. Somehow he got a platinum AmEx with no spending limit. He's... paying for everyone's debts.  Butters? A disgusting, violating trend is taking over our city, our state, our nation. Queefing has become an acceptable evil. Oh hey Peterson, buying fishsticks, I see. What are you, Peterson? A gay fish?  Come on Randy, just build him the warp drive and he'll leave us alone. Can you believe it? Huh? There you are, Butters! Butters, we heard a rumor that you might have a little girlfriend?  Sally Darson? First the money started goin', and now everyone's gettin' laid off work! They took arrr jawbs! They took our jobs!  Derk er derrrrrr! Deeekerrdrrr! Deeerkerrrrrrdrrrr! All right everyone, eat up.  You said we had to be careful with our money. I've got nothing for a food budget. Why? What happened? ...So? Oh, excuse me, I...    Sorry, it's just ...it's kind of funny how much it bothers you.  Ex-cuse me. Oh! Oh please, Randy! How many times have you farted in bed and held my head under the covers?! Alright, tell me exactly where the line is. Er, okay, how about this? I have a friend Abbie. She had a baby boy and it farted. But she was actually still pregnant with the baby boy and it farted inside her. And then the gas from the baby's fart traveled down and shot out her vagina, haHA.  Oh! Oh, so when does that stop being funny?!  What's going on?  Well, ...congratulations, guys. Looks like you got us. Good job. You really think women cared that much about queefing? Is that really what you think this has all been about? This has been about women having a little bit of fun for once at your expense. For just this one time we could be the immature ones to make you feel uncomfortable. But no, you just couldn't let us have that one little thing, could you? Because even though things are getting better for women, you still think of us as lesser people sometimes, and we always have to prove ourselves twice as hard. Congratulations, guys.  Hey guys, it's almost 2 a.m. Well it's way past time for bed. Well it's just a block of wood and some wheels; I don't think there's that much more you can do with it.  What? Oh my God. Randy, Randy, calm down. I can't understand what you're saying. What is all pee? What?! What about Stan?! Is he okay?! Randy, you've got to do something! And so why is our economy failing us? Because the government kept interest rates too low for too long! The government took our economy for granted and now we are all here paying the price! How long will we sit and watch our economy fall... As the people we must... ...An angel came to me and so I say to you: Do not listen to the Wall Street brokers! For they are the ones that put us in this situation! Fat cats with corporate greed! They are the ones who knowingly drove us down this pathway of doom! Our responsibility is... What can we do, Randy? How did this happen? Take it easy. We'll find him. It's alright, he couldn't have gone far. Let's call the other kids' houses.    Ike, get back to bed right now! Uh, not this again.  Ike, we are sick of you talking about ghosts! No buts! Get back to your room right now and don't come out! You got it?!   Hoh, I don't know. I think maybe with all the news of famous people dying this summer, he just freaked himself out. You're so right about this place. It's wonderful.  Mornin' Ted.  Mornin' Al. Can I help you? O-kay, let me send you into Josh.  And exactly what kind of business are you running? And you're making a profit?  Do you keep any record of the men getting these "kisses"? Senator Morris? Where? Alright, get out of here!  I'm not falling for it!  Eh no sir. We've got guards posted at the mall to make sure nobody gets tempted to buy dumb stuff. And, uh, Pat Sallsman is doin' house checks to make sure nobody is ordering anything stupid online. I don't know... He's got a lot of support. It might be hard to even catch this Jew.  Margaritaville? Oh, that makes sense. You see, son, we lump thousands of these Margaritaville installment plans together into Margaritaville-based securities, then chop those securities up in a way that we could sell them to banks. Nope, because a bunch of people like you are defaulting on their Margaritavilles so the government had to buy the Margaritaville assets from the banks. Just talk to the Treasury Department in DC. They're the ones who really understand how all this works.  Oh, sell sell sell sell sell sell sell! Uhh, how can we help you, young man? Ohhh that makes sense. No problem. We just need to consult the chart. We can determine your property's value and we'll be done. Be right back.  What, you think it's worth more? Okay, no problem.  Bailout! Excellent news, sir. We've determined the investment value of your Margaritaville to be... ninety trillion dollars. Well, you don't get ninety trillion dollars, but the chart says that's what it's worth. What is it now?  Uh oh, problem! Problem again! Another insurance company is about to go under; if they do, people could lose millions! Sirs, another insurance company is going under! Most prudent move is a bailout! Now determining most prudent move for insurance company.  Bail out the insurance company!  Hey thanks, kid, this is really nice of you. Mess him up, Edge! He took his job! I'm telling you guys, you've got to see this. These kids ain't more than eight or nine years old an' they got more problems than you can imagine. Yup, and there's this little girl, she's actually addicted to gettin' abortions. Got pregnant by nearly every boy there. You can watch 'em almost every afternoon. It's some of the greatest wrestlin' we ever seen.  Son of a bitch. Mister, you'd better take your gay porn an' walk right out of this bar. Yeah, no I I think Congo is a great wrestler; I just think Rad Russian has his number. Uh oh, it looks like the intermission is over, better head back. What the hell do you care?! Get off the wrestlin' mat! Boo! Oh man, they took his job? Screw this, this is just stupid.  So that people will have money to spend.  No-o Kyle, you'll be in debt for the rest of your life!   Oh Kyle, he's gone! Your little brother's run away from home! He left a note saying he's never coming back. Oh Gerald, what are we gonna do? Oh yes, Gerald! I've been so naughty!  Gerald, what has gotten into him? He paid for our debts so we could spend once more.  He's dead.  Oh God, that show is so dumb. What happened? God, they're annoying! You know that girl Samantha Dunskin, she can make herself queef whenever she wants. Eagh! This has been the longest week of my life! You did it! Why do boys think farts are so funny? They're juvenile and gross! Oh what? So farts are hysterical but queefs are gross? I can't believe they're this upset. Really?  What?  What?! Shut up! I'm coming, I'm coming! Great! Alright, tell us what we got this week, Kris. Wait, what? What was that? What was that? Is there a ghost here? Alright, so you say a little boy is seeing the ghosts? Doyuh ssh ssh. What, what is that? Do you hear that?! There, there look. What is that? What is that? Oh, right, okay. May be. We are now inside the house where the celebrity ghosts have been spotted. Whoa whoa what? What was that? What was that? Did you hear that? It was like a... it was like a... dee.. Is there a spooky ghost here?? Uh LOOK. What is that? What is that??  Oh man I am really scared.  W... what is it?! Look! Look, it's got you too!  Are you getting this? Make sure the camera is getting this. Definitely some paranormal activity! Look, it's starting to form a, a a pool around the floor now. Are you getting this?? Oh God, the paranormal activity is now leaving a, a trail of some kind behind both of us!  Oh it smells! Previously on Terrance & Phillip: Terrance farted on the American president, but Phillip took the heat.  And now, the thrilling conclusion of... Terrance & Phillip: Blood Rage   What the hell is this disgusting crap?! That's sick! You can't let Canada Channel be soiled by that perverse garbage! You know it's sick! May we come in, please? That's right! We've come to kill you!  Why not?  What?! That's crazy, Terrance! Katie is obviously the hot one.  Dammit I'm trying to enjoy my wine, Katie! Oh.  No, I'm Phillip! You stupid bitch, what the fuck is wrong with you?!  Ugh! You don't queef in bed while we're having sex! She queefed while we were having sex, Terrance! Katherine just won't stop queefing, but I don't know if I can live without her. Me too, Katherine. I don't love your queefs, but dammit, I love you. Stop it, Katherine! This is a serious moment! Aww. sick!  The Canada Channel presents... The Queef Sisters. Katherine and Katie Queef.  It's The Queef Sisters special on Channel Canada. Alright Queef Sisters, it's time for your yearly PAP smear and vag exam.  Now listen heauh! If you queef in my face, then I refuse to be your gynecologist! Well just don't let it happen again! Now I'm going to check for cysts.  That's it! No PAP smear for you! You should have thought of that before you queefed in my face three times!  Well alright, let me check for cysts.  He does not have gills. Alright Doctor. Huhuhuhu! Doctor, my sister is just being difficult. Maybe you can just examine my cervix instead. I guess so Katherine. Hello Kelly.  Men enjoy farts, so why shouldn't women enjoy their queefs? Look Katherine, I made queef cookies! Oh my God! Look, Katherine! It's Canadian television stars Terrance & Phillip!  Wooo. Oho yes, the show is going aboat as well as it could.  Why kill us? We love you. What? I thought you were Terrance. Well what's the big deal? I've been queefing in this bed the entire time. How dare you?!  Oh Terrance.  I'm ready, Doctor. I'm sorry, doctor. I had air trapped in my vagina. But doctor, what if I have cancer? Oh Katie, I do believe we made the doctor angry. Oh hello Regis. Well Reeg, it's like this: we think that queefing is a perfectly normal female bodily function. Why not have fun with it?  That's right. We've written all aboot it in our new feminist book, ''Eat, Pray, Queef''. But those are just ginger snaps, Katie.   Oh certainly, though I feel we look a mess.  Oh. Well I suppose if we're going to die, we should die by the hands of our idols. We grew up watching you. You meant the world to us. We used to fantasize about pleasing you in all different ways. Know that it is an honor to die by your hand.  Oh, this is a dream come true. I've always wanted to meet you, Phillip.  Oh dear.  I'm not your sex toy, you fucking pig!  Fuck you, you don't fucking slap me!  Get out! Get out both of you!  Phillip!  Queef Sisters?! You replaced our show with this?! But they aren't funny! All they do is queef all the time! Because babies come from there! Brian, don't do this! Very nice place you have here. Network must be paying you well. All right, enough with the queefing! We didn't come for a social call! Because you've reduced Canada Channel to smut and toilet humor! Your idols?  Because I'm suddenly finding myself strangely attracted to Katherine. AAH!  No, that was me, Phillip. I farted. Phillip?! I'm Terrance! Could you please keep it down? We're trying to have sex over here. SICK! What?! Gross!  After everything we've been through?   What the hell am I going to do, Phillip? She makes me so mad sometimes. Katie, I'm sorry. I was wrong. That's right. It's a hot new Canadian show we're trying out. You think farts are funny; why not queefs? Eh, look guys, women are starting to be the driving force behind the television audience! You know, women empowerment and the get-go. So we want to try to appeal to the female sensibility. Sorry guys, but if you ask me, your farts have gotten stale! Terrance and Phillip, you've put on a terrific show for many many years. You've made Canada Channel what it is today. You're fired. Sorry guys, but this queefing thing is really catching on.  I don't even know what a queef is. Oh. So wait, you're keeping all the money now? M'kay, parents, some of you have already heard, but most of you have not, m'kay? We've had a terrible incident occur at the school. Apparently a young girl uh, went up to a young boy here at the school, m'kay, and queefed in his face.  ''They have power and they have courage.'' Fishsticks? Yeah, I l- I like fishsticks, m'kay? Now just what the heck is going on here?! This is not what we have taught you in this school! Kyle and Stan, you've always been tolerant of gay people! You just admitted to spray-painting that they should get out of town! We will always remember the way that Gordon bravely read the announcements every morning, led us in the Pledge of Allegiance, m'kay, and touched many kids' lives here at the school. And even though we now know the shooter had him confused with a forty-year-old truck driver who happened to have a similar name, I know this has been ...pretty traumatizing, m'kay. But now we must decide who will pick up where little Gordon left off. Who will take his place reading the morning announcements? It's a big responsibility, because it will be your voice the entire school listens to, m'kay? And although Gordon Stoltski can never be replaced, m'kay, there must be a student out there who has the drive and the passion to... have his or her voice heard every morning.  M'kay, really nice, Mike, uh, maybe next time you can get past the first word. Oh, Casey Miller, good, you're trying out too? M'kay. Eric, you wanna go next?  M'kay Eric, I'm just gonna have you read this piece of paper. What? What on earth are you askin' me that for?! Get lost, you little dirtball! I said take a hike! Beat it, you're not gettin' the job!  Well, because he was being murdered. Eric, apparently you wrote that Wendy's private parts are big enough to fly an airplane through, m'kay? Eric, the student body president really doesn't have the kind of power that you- Where were the teachers?! Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute. Are you saying we're all here just because a girl queefed on a boy? Just?! All right, what the hell is going on around here? You sir need to leave this area-  We're here to find out why! Now hold on a minute, I think we're being a little drastic here. You know, I probably see a boy in my office once a week for farting on a girl.  I'm very sorry, but I'm afraid we have to terminate your employment here at South Park Elementary. The school board has decided to discontinue the wrestling program. Wrestling simply involves too much adult subject matter, like murder and abortion.  I'm sorry, the board has made up their minds. That isn't the only reason you're being let go.  We... found all the gay porn on your iPhone, Mr. Conners. The job is to read what is written on the paper, Eric, not to embellish the way you do. No, it's just that the announcements need to be quick so the students can get on with their work. All we ask is you keep it shorter. Eric, we've been informed by a concerned student that you are writing naughty books about one of the girls here at the school.  Eric, I've had enough! You cannot and you will not sell your books on school grounds! Do I make myself clear?! Our next guests have really taken America by storm. Their new hit show is being tuned in by women all over the world. Please welcome the Queef Sisters!  So, uh, gals, ...you seem to really like queefing. But I mean really, isn't queefing a bit juvenile? D'ohhh!  Well I think that what you gals are doing for the feminist movement is amazing. And that's why women all over America stand behind you.  Fired?!  But it's money Goddammit and this channel needs it! I'm sorry, Terrance & Phillip, your show is done! I always love when Spring is on the way. Such a fun and inspiring time to decorate. Just like most women out there I've really gotten into queefing lately.  See how pretty that was? It's a good thing. Hey Mom, do you like Australia? 'Cause that was the Great Barrier Queef.  Excuse me.  Well if that really is your argument, it isn't a very sound one. Women name their queefs too. For instance, we have the Sneezing Unicorn.  We've gotta do something! "Oh my God, Luke's been hurt trying to save whales." I'm a pirate in a war. Paul!  We don't have a captain! Eugene, that is disgusting! Did you just pee in the pool? That's right! We do. Nooo! We go iiin! We kiiill! No more talk! We kiiill! Soon, my dog of war, but we have to do it my way.  Losers! Losers wait!  AWWW! ''And realize we've been keeping women down.'' ''And we must all stand by the belief.'' ''That a woman is strong, and she has the right to queef.'' ''Fly free. Free to queef aloud; fly free. Let every queef show that youre proud.'' ''You are woman now, and you are free to queef.'' For this reason a man will leave his father and mother and be united to his wife, and the two will become one flesh.  Therefore what God has joined together let no man-  That's it! I now pronounce you farts and queefs! }} You? You be pimpin'? Now see, you ''think'' you're a pimp, but you can't be pimpin', know what I'm sayin'? You wanna be a pimp, then you gotta learn the game. See it's all about knowin' the game. The game is how you treat the bitches, know what I'm sayin'? Bitch gotta know when she out there, she makin' ''yo''' muthafuckin' money, know what I'm sayin'? You got yo' main bitch, know what I'm sayin'? That be your "bottom bitch." That bitch rank higha than all the other bitches but she still a bitch, know what I'm sayin'?  Where you at, bitch? I need my bottom bitch right now. I made you my bottom bitch, now you gotta take care of yo' pimp, know what I'm sayin'?  Yolanda!  Yolanda please! You gotta come back to me! I got nothin' without you! Here's some fruit, boys.  Here's some fishsticks guys. I hope you like fishsticks. Hello Eric. Have some chips, because you're totally not fat at all. What is that?  Eric Cartman, you are handsome and not even remotely fat. Fishsticks? Yeah, I guess so.  Yes. You're gonna get it now, Hammerclaw! I admit nothing! Maybe Irene lied to you! Oh! Sure, that works. I can't believe it's him. A gay fish?  Yeah, I like fishsticks. Alright, hey, how are we all feelin' tonight?  So uhhh, let me ask the guys in the audience a question. Do you like fishsticks? Huh. What are you, a gay fish?  Yes. And so uhhh, hey Paul, do you like fishsticks, Paul? What are you, Paul, a gay fish?  Uhhh, sure? So apparently more and more Americans are eating fishsticks. Have you seen this? Have you read about this? Loving fishsticks, kinda makes me wonder, you know? What is everybody, a gay fish?  Yo, that is messed up, yo! I am not gay, and I sure as hell ain't no fish! Alright?! Hey man, I'm a genius, alright?! I'm the most talented musician in the world! If I was a homosexual, or a fish, I would know! Yes. Yes. Yes. No! I am not no gay fish! I'm not gay and I'm not a fish! Man! Damn right I'm male. Yeah, I like fishsticks. Yeah. Alright, that does it! I'm gonna kick your motherfuckin' ass!  There are a lot of people out there making up rumors about me that are malicious and untrue. But I'm going to prove once and for all: I'm not a fish. Because I am a genius, I've ascertained that fish have gills.  Doctor, do I have gills? You hear that? No gills! So I can't be a fish. And I'm a genius voice of a generation so I'm not gay! So that is that! Alright?! It's over! Now are there any questions? Love 'em! No I'm not- AAAARGH!   Yo, fuck this noise, yo!  Just doesn't make any sense, yo. Why is everyone calling me a gay fish? What do you mean, I don't get it, House?! I'm a genius. I'll understand it, I just need to break it down is all. Now let's see...  Somethin' about fishsticks... interacting with me... makes me gay fish. Shut up!  Is it because breaded has something to do with genius? Which swims? I don't need anyone tellin' me "play on words"! I'm a motherfuckin' lyrical wordsmith motherfuckin' genius! Is it perhaps that I'm fashionable, and fishsticks are crunchy? Found who? You're just sayin' that now 'cause you're scared. Think you can make fun of me? I'm a genius! I'm the voice of a generation! What are you?! I ain't gonna hurt you. I pay people to do that for me.  Now, explain it to me. Why do people think I'm a gay fish? Why- Look at me, look at me!  Get my jet ready. Looks like we got another inning to play.  Tie up these motherfuckers!  Now I'm gonna ask you motherfuckers one more time: why did you start these rumors about me?! Aw right. Everyone knows who I am! I wanna know how this got started! What? I, I still don't get anything. He's right. For so long I've considered myself God's gift to the world that I couldn't take it when people made fun of me. But they weren't makin' fun of me. They were tryin' to help me.  Untie them guys. I know what I have to do. It's time for me to stop runnin'. I need to believe what people tell me.  You. Really. Don't. Get it. You're a rapper. An entrepreneur. And you like fish dicks. You're a gay fish. Just gay?  You are male? A male that likes fish dicks. You like to put fish dicks in your mouth. You're a gay fish. Do you like fishsticks? You're a gay fish.  Alright, recently... Recently we've all come to know the fishsticks joke as probably the funniest, most awesome joke ever, but who originally came up with it? Well here's your answer. Joining us tonight, the brains behind the incredible fishsticks joke, the one and only Carlos Mencia. So Carlos, you've got a show on Comedy Central, a stand-up tour, where did you have time to come up with this classic joke?  Yeheah, Vive la Mexico! Well you know I just kicking it with my homies and my brain, you know, my brain is always so full of ideas 'cause I'm so fonny and stuff, so I was just all like, ""Hey, Papito, you like fishsticks?" And my homeboy says "Yeah Carlos" you know, "you're so funny!" And then it just occurred to me. I said, "Oh man, you must be a gay fish, homes!"   Oh fuck maaaan, Kanye Wehhst? Noo shiiit maaan, okay look it wasn't me. I didn't really start the fishstick thing, alriight? No man it's truuue. I stole it maaan. I took credit for it 'cause I'm not actually funneee. Come on, maaan, do you know what it's like? Being a comedian but not being funneee? Come on, Kanye, I just take jokes and repackage them with a Mexican accent, maaan. Nothing! Look at me maaan. I'm not funny, I steal jokes, my dick don't work maaan. I got to piss in a plastic bag, man, I got no dick. Awww shih oh no man, come on, I got no dick, man!  'Cause... 'cause you like fish dicks, man. Come on, maaan. Don't you get it? Please, just get it, maaan. You're a- ...you're a gay fish, maaan.  Kanye, look, we all think it would be better if you would just drop it. Ya-you know, I mean, ih-if you don't get it, you don't get it. No, because you said you like fish dicks, Kanye! Don't, don't you get it? You see, fish ''dicks'' is a is a play on words. Kanye, really... Yo Kanye, KANYE! We found him money. You told us to track down whoever started the whole fishstick thang. We found out who, dawg. Yo Kanye! You sure about this? Thank you, thank you very much. Well, about a week ago our country was blessed with the fishsticks joke. And ever since then us comedians have been kicking ourselves for not thinking of it.  Hey guys! So guys, I gotta ask: how did you come up with this incredible joke? But guys, this joke is so... perfect. Can you explain how nobody thought of it before? That's so great. And, and are you crying, Jimmy? I see. And did you know that Carlos Mencia was found dead in his house this morning with fishsticks stuffed down his open neck hole?  Alright Scouts and Dads, the racing continues. And it looks like our next heat is ready to go, in 3, 2, 1, race!  Two point one seconds for Tommy Bretts. Looks like we have a new leader, folks. The time to beat is 1.9 seconds. May we please have... Brewster, Marsh, Jarvis, and Hollis.  Alright, kids, are you ready? Here we go, last race for the state championship in 3, 2, 1, Go!  Fine. He can build you what you want. All he needs is the official Pinewood Derby kit. Right Marsh? That's true.  What?  All right! Looks good. Thank you and good luck today.  Name? Alright, car weighs in at 15 ounces. Do you hereby swear that you used parts in the official Pinewood Derby kit and only parts in the official Pinewood Derby kit? Alright young man, good luck today.  Well well, look son, it's the Marshes. No, little Emmett hasn't gone yet. Think they're saving the best for last.  Clocked her in at home at 1.5 seconds. It's the fastest car we've ever built. Huh, only fitting our boys should be going head to head for their match, hey Marsh? Heh.  You got it Emmett!  A Colorado boy and his father have set a new record at the Pinewood Derby.  Breaking news of yet another pirate crisis in Somalia. Members of NATO received word today that pirates have captured an American child and are demanding ten million Euros for his safe release. U.S Navy ships have been deployed and the pirate standoff is about to get ugly. Dad, I just want you to know I still love you.  He's OK, he's OK, he's OK, he's OK, he's OK- Stan Marsh?  Apparently the alien came across your Pinewood Derby car and is now headed to our planet. NASA's confirmed that an alien ship has entered our solar system and it is headed here. I'm Agent Clark  We'd like to talk to you about your Pinewood Derby car. Young man, what we are about to tell you is a matter of national security. Yesterday every country and embassy on Earth was contacted by... an alien life force. We believe that they intend to welcome us into the Galactic Federation of Planets. They will want to meet the people who discovered warp speed for our species. Mr. Marsh, we were just telling your son that thanks to you, we have made first contact with alien life. Mr. Marsh, you are on with all the world leaders.  Alright men, check the ship.  Hey Marsh, get in here!  Looks like those alien cops were right. Guess you should call them back now. All right, let's get the cash put into boxes!  Godspeed, Mr. Marsh. Mr. Marsh, why won't you finish the Pinewood Derby car?! No space cash. Yeah, well, it's not even gonna matter, because Finland is thinking about telling the space cops the truth! Nope. What the hell are they talking about? Ze nation of France iz with you. Uh we've seen nothing here in France. Nope. Good ruck witha 'harien, Mista Marsh. Don't think you can keep the all the space cash for yourself! No we haven't- Well then why can Engrand build a nuclear power plant?! Noo, not a Finrand! Not in the approved kit?! Prease say herro froma China. Uh uh no, no, we haven't seen arien. Yep, we gotta take out Finrand, they gonna squeal. No. Tell them no. I seek the life forms that made this.  Oh yeah?  You're gonna build me another one, see? Everyone down on the ground!  Get those hands up! Let me see those hands! Do it now! I mean it! Show me those hands! I'm Baby Fark McGee-zax, the greatest gangster this universe has ever seen, right?! You can't threaten us!  Ow! Who wants it next, huh?!  I'm on the lam. Got the entire Federation of Planets after me. But they ain't gonna catch me, ya got that?! They might have busted my warp drive, but you obviously know how to make 'em!  I can kill any mug on this two-bit planet I want!  You build me a new warp drive or you're all gonna get it, see?! What's takin' so long?! You're stallin'! Alright, that does it!  Aw zahts, it's the intergalactic police. You'd better get rid of 'em or your whole planet is gonna get it, see?!  I don't need it painted, I just need it functional, all right?!  I swear, if you don't have that thing workin' in three minutes this whole planet is done for! What are you two whispering about, riiight? My real name is Kevern Zaksor. I am the ambassador to new planet testing.  Screw this guy! He can't take out all of us!  Aargh! They justa blew up our government building! Ya got to hurry! That's right! This is all of our planet; the space cash belongs to all of us! Either America shares that space cash with the rest of the world or we will tell the space cops! Yeah, I think we all agree. Guys?  He cheated on the Pinewood Derby? No changes. No space cash. Oh no. No! Nooo. No changes. No. Nope. We believe the aliens are going to find out sooner or later what we did. It's best we come clean now. I'm sorry, but our nation is resolved. We cannot live with the guilt anymore. Very well.  All of Finland, gone. Nope. No changes. These are not space cops.  There is no space jail, and space cash is only worth what you as a planet decided it was worth. I mean, how stupid is your species? Space jail? Baby Fark McGee-zax? Needless to say, you all failed.  Jews can't be pirates. Good morning, students. These are the morning announcements. Teacher-parent conferences have been rescheduled to next Tuesday.  Please inform your parents. The gym is being repainted, and is closed until tomorrow afternoon. And now for a special announcement: Good morning South Park Elementary. These are the morning announcements, Parent-teacher conferences begin next Thursday. If you have not yet done so, please turn in your parents' requested time sheets by the end of fifth period today.  Whoa, what's going on? Who are you?! Hey! He's got a gun! Sir, please, I don't know you. Oh God, he shot him! HAAAAAAAAAA! Sir, I truly don't know-  th-AAAAA! AAAA!  Please, I don't know you! Uughuh! No, I'm Gordon Stoltski, third grader who reads the morning announcements! SOMEBODY HELP ME! AAAAA! AAAAA! AAAAAAAAAA! AAA! Any, any interested students should fill out an applicant survey--  WAA! WAAAAAAAAAA! No please! I'm so scared!  I'm so scared!  And for lunch today, the cafeteria will be serving taco salad or hoagie sandwiches. Thank you. Fine, I don't wanna be a pirate anyways!  Pirates ho! Burad. Iyaja dene zaredeko. Buradi wakuwasa. Mayasuk! Hageha-aden! Letka suwahater!  "Is this some kind of joke?" "These white children will bring a high price in ransom money!" "I don't know what the fuck this is!" "Take them out to the nearest European boat! Show them we have children hostages!"   "Move it! Go over that way!" "Get on board!" "Get on the boat now!"  "Do it now!"  "Move!"  "We are going to start killing them! Starting with the fat one!" "We are growing impatient! Give us what we want or they die!"  Ey excuse me. Can I ask you a question? "Keep your eyes open, Mr. Leon. These waters are full of renegades and thieves." "Damn pirates! Alert the crew! All hands on deck!"  "They've got CHILDREN HOSTAGES!" "Get the U.N. on the radio. Advise them of the situation." "Alright! Alright! We are going to give you what you want! But you must hand over the children UNHARMED!"  "Are you kids alright?" "What is this?!" "Hey! You can't order us around!"  "Scoundrels! You will pay for this!" Il avait un lightsabeur. ("He had a lightsaber")   "Captain! We have an unknown vessel approaching quickly to port!" Le lightsabeur -- terrible. ("The lightsaber...it was terrible")  "We demand ransom for these children! Pay us or we will kill them!" "We want 5,000 Euros! You easily have that much on board!" "The money first!"  "Go! Get on the boat! Move!" "Hey, what's that?"  "My God!" "We got 'em - They're safe!"  "Did they hurt you?" Oui. Un lightsabeur. ("Yes. A lightsaber")  Qu'est qu'il passe!? Mon Dieu! ("What's going on!? My God!")  Yo ho ho.  Yee hee hee. Somalian pirates we. <poem><i>Yo ho ho!</i></poem> <poem><i>Tricky lahty do!</i></poem> <poem><i>Somalian pirate we.</i></poem> <poem><i>Somalian pirates we.</i></poem> <poem><i>Somaliaaan piiiraaates weeeeee.</i></poem> <poem><i>Yo ho ho!</i></poem> <poem><i>Tricky lahty do!</i></poem> Somalian pirates we. Yeah, homework. Yeah. Piewets! Oh my God.  I feel, like an asshole. I'm scared. There's a ghost. But, Daddy, I saw the- AAAAAAAAA! Billy Mays, NO!   NOOOOO! Make Billy Mays go away! Make Billy Mays go away!  Make him stop, Kyle! No, it's... it's a secret.  I see dead... ce-le-bri-ties. I see them walking around. They talk to me. Just Ed McMahon.  All the time.  AAAAA. AAAAAAAAAAA!!   Oh look everyone, I told you I was alive. Wee, I'm a child!  Come on, let's climb the tree! Hee hee! Noo, I'm a little white child. Let's play!  No, that's ignorant. People are just ignorant and they lie and spread rumors about me. Like, that I'm dead. But if I was dead, how could I do this?  ''[still dancing] Jou know! Jou know it! Hee hee!'' Oh lookie, it's a planet. Hee hee hee. Ignorant. Did I do good in the swimsuit category? I'm worried that little doodoohead brunette girl was prettier than me. ''I'm just a little girl. Hee hee. A dainty little thing.<br />And I know you all want to be a little white girl like me. Shamohn! Hee hee hee. [begins to moonwalk] Hohhh<br />[the male judges are masturbating furiously]'' Thank you so much for this award. Of all the awards I've ever won, this one means the most. I feel like... I'm finally at rest. I'm finally at rest! I'm free!  Holy shit! What the fuck am I wwwearing? Kyle, what the fuck is going on? Fags!   NOOO! We found them adrift in a lifeboat, sir. They say that pirates took their ship by force. Yes sir. They're French, so they surrendered immediately.  Once the pirates boarded your ship how did they force you off? Sir, the pirates appear to have forced the French crew off their boat with a lightsaber. Damn pirates! What's causing them to suddenly be so much more active? Is the crew okay? My God, pirates are getting better-equipped every day! Gentlemen, I want the President of the United States on the phone. We can no longer fight the pirates on the seas. We have to take them out where they live. "We have a hostage!" "Do you think all American kids are as crazy as these are?" "Another American arrived on the bus!" Why did you Americans come here? But that's what I do not understand. Why would anyone "want" to be a pirate? Every day I dream that I can go to school. Learn about the world. But my mother, she is dyin' of AIDS, and there is no money for medicine. My father was killed trying to find food for us. Do you know how I feel every time we try to capture a boat? Scared. And not just scared because I might get killed, but scared because if I don't get something out of it, my family and friends are going to die. I don't ''want'' to be a pirate. I don't see how anybody would.  "It's starting to look that way." Alright men, remember, do not hit the white ones!  Clear. Hi, Billy Mays here for Megascrub Cleanser. Are you tired of your kitchen counters getting those nasty stains? Don't just rub 'em, Megascrub 'em!  Mold, mildew, even those impossible wine stains are gone in a flash when you snipe them away.  Hi, Billy Mays here with another fantastic product. If you're like other Americans, you love to eat Chipotle   Imagine having underwear so clean you can practically eat off of it. Now you can eat all the Chipotle you want . Order right now!  Hi, Billy Mays here for the Big City Slider Station. The fast and easy way to press and cook delicious sliders.  Hi, Billy Mays here with another fantastic product. Are you tired of having to put your toilet seat down? Hi, Billy Mays here for the Super Sweeper. Hi, Billy Mays here for the little Country Handy Pillow. Are you tired of sitting in limbo? Lost somewhere between planes of existence? Well now there's a product that can help you- With just two easy steps, I can climb over these seats and kick you right in the fucking balls! Finally! Finally we can all move on! Now, Ike, your family is very worried about you. Ike, you can talk to me. I'm a therapist. Whatever has been troubling you, it's okay. Ike, tell me your secret. I promise not to tell anyone else. You mean, you see dead celebrities on TV? In the news? Are you seeing any dead celebrities right now? How often do you see dead celebrities? We're going to Colorado to investigate celebrity paranorm- Yeah, apparently only he is seeing them. I heard it too. It was like a, like a ...*pop* I think that's just a cigarette lighter. I'm pretty sure that's their television. I see it! Oh God I'm so scared!  I'm so scared. It's warm, and moist. A warm moist sensation that's moving down my left thigh.  Hoh! Something... hot, and and, warm is coming out the back of my pants now.  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! Well boys, little Ike is stable, but the celebrity ghosts appear to have sent him into some kind of coma. Well of course there really are ghosts. Haven't you seen that show ''Ghost Hunters''? But I'm a pediatric doctor, so I'm going to hand this off to Dr. Phillips, who specializes in spooky things.  The ghosts of these celebrities are at deep unrest. I've never sensed anything like it.  I believe these celebrity ghosts are still roamin' the world, reachin' out through the child because they are lost in purgatory.  Sometimes when people die, they can't quite accept what has happened to them. And so before they reach the afterlife, they go to a place called "purgatory." It is a temporary plane of existence. It's neither heaven, nor hell. Purgatory is like... being on an airplane that's waiting to take off, but you're still sitting at the gate. And even though the plane isn't taking off, they won't let you back off the plane. And you can't get up to go to the bathroom, because you're on an active runway. All these dead celebrities are sittin' on the plane waiting and wantin' to move on, but for whatever reason, they are stuck without any information, even from the pilot, how much longer it's going to be, and it's taking forever. And they aren't serving any drinks yet. It's like, a terrifying limbo. I am speakin to the celebrities that are hauntin' this child. If any spirit can hear my voice, make your presence known.  To which celebrity am I addressin' now? All you celebrities need to know that you have passed on. Boys, quickly! Convince Michael Jackson that he's dead. He's in denial. He's been in denial all his life. Now tell him or you're gonna lose your little brother. He's in too much denial!  No! Be quiet, Billy Mays! Somebody is trying to contact us! This, is Walter Cronkite. That's right! Now just admit you're dead and sit down! You are dead! That's it! I have to go to the bathroom! You've been saying that for three months now!  Will somebody shut his fucking mouth?! I can't take it anymore! Why isn't anybody telling us anything?! Well it's about fucking time! We know that! Hey he's here! He's here! Yeah! Of course we know that! Yo, you can't just keep people stuck like this, man! But yo! Yo Michael Jackson isn't even here anymore! He's gone! We should be able to move on now! There's only one person here who's not cooperating! This is bad enough without having to constantly listen to you try and sell your stupid crap, Mays! ...No, that's ignorant! I'm not dead. No, I just have a skin condition. Nooo, you're being ignorant. I'm alive. And I'm a child. And I'm white. No, that's, that's just ignorant. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! Wee, I'm free! I'm free!  Did you all see my crown?  Shut up, Billy Mays! Come on, this is ridiculous! How much longer do we have to sit in purgatory?! Come on! Come on! This is ridiculous! Come on! AWWWWWWWW! AWWWWWWWW! AWWWWWWWW!}}  Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your patience. I've been informed that we are going to be delayed at least another 96 hours. We know that you are all excited to cross over to the next plane, but for now you have to stay on this one. Sir, you have to stay in your seat with your seatbelt fastened! Yes, but as we all know, Mr. Jackson had a LOT of baggage, and he checked some of that baggage in, so a crew has to go through all the baggage and get his off of purgatory before we can push back from the gate. All right everyone, it looks like we are all ready to move on.  All right, everyone, I'd like to be the first to welcome you to the gates of Hell. Unfortunately, Hell is a tow-in gate. Hello. First up we have the beautiful Miss Jessica.  Jessica enjoys ridin' her horse Marley and doin' her nails with her sisters. Next, contestant number 26, Miss Brandy.  Brandy likes ice cream and playing with her cat Sunshine. And now welcome contestant number 27, little Miss Michael Jackson.  Michael says she just enjoys being a child. She loves to play and climb trees, and thinks people who don't are ignorant. All right, thank you Miss Cassie. And now for her talent portion, Miss Michael Jackson is gonna sing for us.  All right everyone, the judge will now tally her final scores. And now, it is time to announce our Grand Little Miss. Little Miss Michael Jackson.   Yeah Brandy! Work it girl!  That does it. We are not gonna just sit here anymore! We want some Goddamned answers! Well ladies and gentlemen this is your captain speaking. Certainly want to uhhh thank you for all your patience. We know that you're eager to uhhhh get going and we will certainly pass on any information uhhhhh as it becomes uhhhhhh more available. It's more important for my little Kylie. Just look at this face. Mommy, that hurts my cheek implants.  All right, that's about enough!  You'll win for sure, Heidi. You know how much that judge adores you. Oh yes, it's my favorite fast food. I would eat it every day, except I-...  How did you know-... Look, it doesn't matter.  I'm just gonna have to give it up. Excuse me?  Oh, finally. He's here! He's back! Pretty worth it.  Hey.  Okay, cool. So you got money? All right, you ready?  Jeez Butters, thanks for bringing me yet another customer. Here's your two dollar cut again. Oh, that'd be great, but I can't do kisses before school. I have swimming class. What?  Wow, you're right Butters. I should start expanding. Wow, that's a great idea, Butters. This is gonna be great! Oh.  Okay. What?  Hey, screw off, ho.  She'll kiss anybody? Wow.   Got it. Sir! Sir, take a look at this. We've got rumors coming in of a possible "prostitution company" starting up in South Park. We've got no information on the prostitutes, don't know who they are or where they came from. Sting operation, sir?  Remember, he's going to give us the code word to move in. Wait for the code word, "stretch." Uhhh, that, that's it. Move in!  Sir, sssome of us are wwwondering if maybe y-you're not... taking this role a bit far? What?!  Hohoo, not in my county!  So then we need to go after the johns. We need to let the men of this town know that if they paid for sex they're going to jail!  We need an undercover cop disguised as a prostitute, so we can arrest any citizens looking for cheap thrills! Hey baby, you looking for a party? Twenty for oral, fifty for half and half, anal will cost you extra. Right here's good, sexy.  Now if you wouldn't mind handing over the twenty dollars for oral sex. All right, buddy!... Go ahead and unbutton your pants.  Oh that's all right.  You're busted, buddy! I'm a cop! This is a sting operation, scumbag, and you're going to jail for soliciting prostitution.  Got our first one, boys. I'm bringing him in for booking. No way! Let's just get to this, baby. So, you are agreeing to have sex with me for one hundred dollars, correct? Oh yeah, yeah, get those pants down. Oh, you're a nasty little fuck, aren't you? Yeah, let me see that hot penis of yours. Oh yeah, nice. Yeah, I'm ready when you are. Yeah, you like it? Yeah, you're a dirty fuck! Yeah, come on! Harder! Deeper! Yeah, teach me a lesson, daddy! Teach this little whore a lesson! Yeah, that's right! Yeah, you really worked it, Daddy. You really gave my little hole quite a...  STRETCH.  A wife and kids. And you're out here trollin' the streets for prostitutes. You make me sick! Take him downtown, boys. I'm goin' back on the street. Give it to me! Come on, you sissies, I can fit more of ya!  What?! No way! Nothing is more important than keeping prostitution out of our community!  Hey Daddy. Ye-yes, Daddy, I'm on my way. Be right there. Sorry guys, my daddy needs me right now.   Well well well, this must be the organization I've been hearing so much about. Took me a long time to find you. You won't believe the hardships I've been through trying to track you down. My name is Yolanda. I'd like to know all about your operation here. You see I just left my pimp recently and I'm looking for a new one? Well, I think that's about all I need to hear. You've got a lot of nerve coming here, Keshawn! After the way you treated me? I need a pimp that doesn't beat me every time he gets drunk! It's too late for that, Keshawn! I just told this pimp I was ''his'' bitch now. Oh Keshawn!  Babe, I love you too. Let's, uh, let's just be happy okay? I love 'em, darling.  FREEZE!! Ha! You're busted, buddy! I'm a cop!}} Ha... how much are you charging? Aww- get in.  Ok-okay.  Aw... Aw yeah. Oh man oh... Ohh! Aw-aw-AWWW-aw. AW-aw. Oh, s-sorry I was so quick. Awhuh! What?! See it's all about mind control. You gotta act a punk. Any man can control a bitch's heart, but a pimp gotta control a bitch's mind, know what I'm sayin'? Pimp gotta be out there every motherfuckin' day keepin' his bitches in line. Can't let 'em go shoppin', spendin' their money on stupid shit. Bitches gotta think that's ''your'' motherfuckin money, know what I'm sayin'? I've got to tell you I... I don't do this kind of thing very often. You're sure you're not a cop, right? Alright. Sure, I have the money right here. Oh, you feel good. Oh yes. That's great.  Oh, I love it! Oh yeah!  Oh yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Awww, awwwww, awwwwoh!  Thank you! That was great. Oh God! It's the police! Please! Please don't do this! I have a wife and kids! Code word is "stretch," copy?  That's it recess is over back to class.  Aaaaaaah.  Alpha Tau Omega, woo!  ATOs! Alright, ATOs, our little Kevin is twenty one today!  Eewwww! Damn bitch! Yo' pimp beat yo' ass again? You know, I heard a rumor about some new pimp up in Park County. They say he's real respectful; lots of girls switching over to him. He's an asshole. A pimp that respects his hos? Sign my ass up.  Did I do good, Daddy? Thank you, Daddy.  Ubup. Daddy, how come this ho get to be bottom bitch? I make the most money for you Daddy, that means if anyone should be bottom bitch, it's me. Fair is fair, ho. Mrs. Davis, is there some kind of problem?   Marry me Yolanda? We'll move to a little chteau in Switzerland and get away from all this. I love you so much. So much, baby. Promise, babe. Promise. Happy anniversary baby.  Do you like 'em? I wanted to get you something extra-special. Say that again, Edge! You think you're better than me?! Oh yeah?! I've got somethin' else to tell you, Edge! I slept with Vanessa last night.  Cena, your mouth has gotten you in trouble for the last time! I'm gonna shut it up for you!  Whoa...  Oooooooooooooooooooooo! Ohhhh!  Ahhhh! Kick his ass! WOO!  Cena slept with Edge's girlfriend? He took his jrrr? Took hid drrr!   Alright boys! I'm really glad to see we have some new recruits interested in the fine sport of wrassling. Now, the first thing we're gonna learn today are the fundamental wrassling holds. Let's get some volunteers. Uh why don't come over here young man? What's your name? What? Okay uh, just go ahead and get on your hands and knees. Just, down on, down on the floor.  Alright and now how about you. Your name is? Uh, all right, uh cu, come on over here. I'm gonna position you in the official wrassling starting position.  Here- we- go. Now just reach around him here. Good. Get back on the floor! I'm teaching the starting position of wrassling! Oh, not this again! Let me guess: you just went to that stupid WWE show in Denver last night! Ugh.  Rrrgh!  It's all made up! Fiction! Real wrassling is a serious and respectable sport! Why can't you people understand that that kind of wrestling isn't real?! Look look look!  You're firing me? Why?! No, this isn't wrassling! THIS ISN'T WRASSLING! Principal Victoria, just let me stay on and I can teach kids what real wrassling is! You can't fire me for what these kids do! What do you mean? Yeah!  Aaaaah. What's goin' on? Jeez they're so young. Apparently that crippled kid slept with that Russian kid's girlfriend. They took his job. Took hid-drrr! That kid was in 'Nam? Man, that's incredible! Good for you for serving your country! Guys, check this out! There's this little kid from the Congo, who was raised by panthers! Are you serious? That Russian kid's got hepatitis? That kid in the hat is havin' sex with two different girls? Naw, that little kid from the Congo lied about one of them to try and get the kid in the hat in trouble with his wife. They're married? No! No! What are you doing?! Stan the Man loves you! There's this one kid, he saw his father get murdered. And yesterday he finds the killer, and it's this other kid whose an ex-cop. Needless to say, he whupped his ass good. No! We're telling you these kids are fucking crazy! You gotta check it out!   What do you mean, it ain't real? Gee, I didn't know his parents did that. They took hid-drr. Don't break his heart! Whoa, did you hear that? Shh! You're shittin' me! Backyard wrestling! Shhh. Yeah, but Rad Russian has a lot of abandonment issues.  He don't run from fights, just from responsibilities.   You dirty Muslim bastard! I don't trust you, and I never will! Do you know how it feels to lose your parents?! No you wouldn't, you smelly brown Middle Eastern piece of sh- Your father! Your own father!  I don't care if you were on drugs, you sick! Whore! It isn't fair. All my hard work.  Hyaaaaa! Stay calm, you know what you have to do. For the good of real wrassling.  Oh don't mind me.    This is just a bunch of garbage! And you are all ruining the good name of wrassling!  Wrassling is from ancient Greece! It's in the Olympics! Why do I care? These kids made it so real wrassling is gone from schools! It's practically gone from the culture. Damn it they took my job! You want to know pain? Pain is dedicating your entire life to a sport, to a career, and then having it all ''ripped away'' from you like a babe from its mother. Lost everything! Couldn't even afford to pay for my... little retriever Rex anymore! Animal Control came and got him! I ended up on the streets, stealing! Got busted by the police and had to spend the night in jail! The other inmates, they all beat me up and fractured my jaw to where I couldn't eat! So you see I have nothing left. Nothing! Not even the will to live.  What? You, you mean it?  Mother! Why did you abort me? Why? He's alive! What do you think? Pi-Pi, we have some dire news concerning your water park. Pi-Pi, you know that acceptable pee levels in ''any'' water park is eighty-three percent.  You have to shut down. They are decent wrestlers. We'll see how they develop their through lines in the second act.  Sir, that was one of the finest wrestling performances I have ever seen. Will you not join our wrestling organization? I promise to make you our leading act. Come! I want to get you in rehearsals right away!  Sorry boys. You are decent wrestlers, but lack the raw wrestling talent this man has.  Excuse me. I'm sorry, I'm afraid this area is off limits.  Heh whoa-ho! Heh hey! Whoawhoawhoa. Whoahoho. Eheheh. The fuck is this? Itte kure 'Akihito-sama irashaimasu!'  O dios mio, mataron al Pollo Loco! Bastardos!  We want some real wrestlers! Theeyy broke his jaw! I know. Sshh.  They took his dog! They tok hid-drr! They broke his jaw! Brk hij-jrr!  What the hell's this? This is Goddamned fake! FAKE! All right, everyone, welcome to the Dolphin Encounter here at the Denver Aquarium.  And here they come: this is Trigger and Dolly, uh there's Bubbles. If they come near you you can touch their back just no grabbing please. What whimsical creatures aren't they? All the dolphins you will be encountering today are Atlantic bottlenose dolphins. Now who would like to get a kiss from one? Uh all right, let's just uh, get you to put your hands, palms down, on the water.  I would like to- Oh no it's the Japanese!  (In Japanese Accent) Fuck youuu dofiiin! (In Japanese Accent) Fuck you dofiiin!  These are our favorite animals here at the Atlanta Zoo. It's Dolly and Seymour. They are beluga whales. These whales live mostly in the Arctic region-  (In Japanese Accent) Fuck you, whaaales! All right Jessica, now put your arms out like this.  Great job, Jessica! Fuck you, whaaale!  AAAAAAAA! Dan Dierdorf here, welcoming you to this great football matchup between the Kansas City Chiefs and the Miami Dolphins. We're all set for kickoff and-  Oh Dan it looks like Japanese people are now rushing onto the field.  (In Japanese Accent) Fuck you, dofiiin! Several whales and dolphins were again slaughtered by the Japanese today, this time at the Six Flags Discovery Kingdom near San Francisco.  Aquariums had been experimenting with methods to keep the Japanese out, but so far nothing seems to stop them. When asked if all of Japan supported the slaughtering of whales and dolphins, the current Prime Minister of Japan, Yukio Hatoyama, had this to say: A new movement in South Park is bringing to question the word "fag". Gay groups are pointing out that the word no longer means to kids today what it meant just a few years ago.   ...more and more Harley riders are deciding to ride elsewhere.  Nippon no gaijin!  Chicken and cow use poor dohfin and weiru as-a scapegoat?! This is outrage!  ''The world is a vampire, sent to drain.'' ''Despite all my rage I am still just a rat in a cage.'' Yeah, we're badass. Any means necessary! We're not protesters, we're pirates!  That's definitely a Japanese boat.  Pull up next to them. The fight is on!  Are we ready to do this? Are we badasses? Are we badasses? All right, so... what do we do?  Wait, I know. How about we go on their ship, and then beat ourselves up? And then we can tell the media ''they'' did it? Wait, wait wait. I've got a better idea. How about I pretend to be shot? Then we can tell the media the Japanese shot me, a-and start an international c-crisis? Why not? You know what? He's right. It's time to bring out the big guns! You guys ready?  Yeah, we make 'em stink. Haha your boat is stinky! Here, th- here, throw one. Well no, that'd be illegal. We are. People think our methods are extreme. But we'll keep making their boats stink as long as they're killing whales and dolphins! Fuck youuu, weiruu! Oh my God, they're gonna kill those humpbacks! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!  Great idea, Captain! Paul? Oh my God, oh my God! I'll start right now.  Haha, you stink now! Haha! The Japanese are scared of how hardcore we are.  What did you do? 'Ey Jordan! I'm on Larry King, mate! Captain! Captain, some new volunteers showed up to help us in our crusade!  But they say you know them.  Yeah. What do we do? Oh my God. Captain! Captain, the Japanese have been spotted near buoy 24! What the hell was that?! Ohhhh Gojira! Gojira!  Fuck you cows! Teikara chickens! My guest tonight is the little boy who took over the Whale Wars reality show and turned it into a big hit. Please welcome Stan Marsh and his crew. So Stan, what motivated you, what... inspired you to get out there and make a hit TV show? Once you became captain the methods used to stop the Japanese definitely became more aggressive. Was that the key to help boost your ratings? Well there are many people who see what you're doing as a positive thing, and of course, many that see problems with it. Joining us now is one of those people and...  You say Stan's methods are unethical. But Sid, you saw the show before Stan took it over; you have to admit that it was nothing but incompetent vegan pussies doing absolutely nothing and trying to turn it into drama. But their old captain, Paul Watson , was an unorganized incompetent media whore who thought lying to everyone was okay as long as it served his cause. Larry, you can't just go out and take matters into your own hands like this. If you want a hit TV show you have to go through producers, directors, people that are in unions. Yes, but it doesn't justify changing the entire show structure that their old captain had pitched to the network. He yes, of course, everyone knows that Paul Watson was a smug, narcoleptic liar with no credibility, but we must- We just got rammed.  It's pretty difficult times because uh, we know that every minute we're sitting here stopped, a, another whale is dying. It's not the Japanese. You think you're so cool, don'tcha?! You think you're big boat reality show on the block?!  You're taking away men's livelihoods! You're taking viewers away from our show, you stupid ass! Fuck you! Your show is fuckin' gay! Yeah! Woohoo! Alright!  Captain, look! Wow. Whoa.  Hey. Heeey. Noo! Stop!  Bonzaaaaaaaai!  So, you are the ones who have been-a sinking our boats! You have caused us many problems, set us back many months!  Why have you done this? Why do you insist on-a making trouble for the Japanese?!  You think you have the right to tell us what is okay?! I have-a something to show you! This is Hiroshima. Over fifty years ago this entire city was-a destroyed by nuclear bomb. We built this museum so that we never forget what-a happened.  At-a 8:15 a.m. the people of Hiroshima were just minding their own business when out of nowhere a frash devastated them all.  One hundred and forty thousand Japanese were killed by atom bomb. We have never recovered from the memory of that day. It is impossible for a nation to ever forgive an act so horrible. This-a picture shows the prane that dropped the bomb.  The Americans were nice enough to give it to us the day after the bombing. We were so-a thankful for the picture that the next day we ended our war with America. We will never forgive, never rest until they are all wiped out! Fuck you. Fuck you dohfin and-a weiru! Chicken and-a cow? Chicken and-a cow?! Everybody's checking us out. Hooo! We were definitely turnin' some heads out there. That's weird.  Oh yeah, that's better. All right let's head out.  ...What did you say? 'Course he's wrong! And anyway, nobody except that little freak would ever say something like it to our faces! Ju-just ignore him!  God damn it, this is fucked up! I know, I know! Look, guys, I think I know what the problem is here. Yeah, think about it, guys. You see all the things kids have today? I mean, with their Xboxes and surround-sound entertainment systems, kids today are surrounded by big loud stuff all the time! That's all it is, guys. We just need to get a little louder, that's all.  Oh yeah, now we're turnin' some heads!  Now that was a good breakfast.  You guys smell that? Smells like that new famous bowl at KFC.  "You're fags." Come on, we'll find the bastards who did this!  Faggot, often shortened to fag, has been used in the English language since the late sixteenth century. Its original meaning was "an old or unpleasant woman". Faggot later was defined as a bundle of sticks. And in the nineteenth century, a faggot gatherer was someone who made a meager living gathering firewood. Later, the term "fag" was defined as any awkward bundle to be carried, and was often used as an insult to the elderly, as in calling them "baggage". In the early 1900s the word became a pe-jo-ra-tive term against homosexuals and transgender people in the United States. What did you say? Hey you know what? If you call me fag in my face one more time, you'd better- Well I think that- I think that you uh, you probably won't say it again. Well okay, I- Now I don't know about you, but I think this town is starting a trend. And if we let them officially change the meaning of "fag" from gay people to us, then soon every town might.   Well well. Now, do you think we're fags? No, you're supposed to think we're not fags now!  All right everyone, all right. We are fags. Yeah, we're fags. We're total fags. And you know what? We like it. So go ahead, America. Whenever you pass by Harley riders like us, roll down your window, and yell "Faggots!" All you kids out there, when you see us, walk up to us, and say "Hello, fags." No, really, we want you to. At least we're cool enough to embrace who we are. Right guys? Yeah, they think we're pretty cool. I was pullin' back on that throttle, and everybody was like, "What is that?" Yeah!  Like he didn't think we were cool. Did that kid just call us-? Let's see 'em call us fags now! Awwww, me too! I got shit all over my pants now!  That certainly don't apply to us. What's that part say there? Fag was used as an insult to women, then poor people, then old people? Yeah, we like being fags. Yeah! Yeah. Really? You do? What? Fer sure! It doesn't make any sense. They all called us fags. Hey- hey, nobody here is really paying attention to us. ...Hey man, we roll how we roll, and if people are annoyed or intimidated by it, that's too bad for them! But he's wrong. People don't think we're fags, do they? How can they call us fags? I mean, listen to this?  Chicken spears! Chicken spears! Chicken spears! ...Chicken spears! Chicken spears! I'm full.  Ohh, OHHH! SOMEBODY TOOK A SHIT ON MY FUCKIN' HARLEY!!! Well they certainly ain't calling us fags 'cause we gather sticks; there's got to be more!  Come on, fags, let's roll out!  Thah- that little boy just called us fags. There's little flags stuck in the shit! Yeah! Let's ride!  What's wrong with kids today?  Whatwhat? Hey, that's right. Well that word just keeps changing its meaning. What's it got to do with us?  Yeah! You've gotta be kidding me! This can't be happening.  And so I said to the guy, "you really think I'm paying that much?" I thought we were past this. Fellow homosexuals, I believe we have an opportunity here to take a big step forward for our kind. We must acknowledge that the words "fag" and "faggot" are never going to disappear. They're simply too much fun for everyone to say. But we must realize that we are no longer the most hated people on the planet, and help the children change the meaning of the word to describe those annoying loud faggot Harley riders! We should all be tolerant, but not with these fucking people! They really are faggots! You can do it, boys! We believe in you! Come on boys, you can do it!   We've had enough! You faggots get the hell out of our town! Students, I am here because of a very serious matter. This morning it was discovered that in several places all over town, somebody had spray-painted the words, "Fags get out." Many witnesses reported seeing children with spray paint. Now, if anybody knows anything about the kids who did this, you must come forward- ...'Scuse me? ...Why would you write something like that and be proud of it?! What?! You four boys, in my office, NOW!  You four turd balls in my office NOW! You have got me in a lot of trouble!  She's gaining support all over the country. I should have never listened to you! Oh, that's nice! You made our entire town look like gay-bashing redneck homophobes, but at least you're sorry! HOW?! Yeah! Yeah, uh huh, I do, yep.  We are really trying to understand this. How is it that you boys think referring to gay people as fags in today's world is acceptable? So what if a guy is gay and rides a Harley? This, this is, making insanely good sense to me. "Bike-cu-" I happen to be gay, boys. Do you think I'm a fag? No. "Fag." Alright, how about this: What would you call a straight man who doesn't own a Harley, but likes them and might buy one someday? And what is your name, little boy? Alright Martin, can you do me a favor? Could you point to the "fag" for me?   How do you fags feel about the new city ordinance? Just asking you if you feel okay or displeased about the ordinance, fag. I already did it twice. I bet I do. Fag.  Excitement is in the air as the citizens of South Park amass to see if the word "fag" will officially be changed in the English dictionary. Four local boys will state their case to the head dictionary editor, and if they succeed, "fag" will officially refer to Harley riders nationwide. And Tom, it looks as though the dictionary officials have arrived.  Martin. The fact of the matter is that "fag" is still defined in the dictionary as a pejorative term against homosexuals, and so you are still causing harm to gay people everywhere whether you mean it differently or not! The town of South Park and its mayor have once again shown themselves to be completely out of touch with the progressive world! To change...  the definition of a word... is no trifling thing. I expect this proposal for changing the definition of the word "fag" to be both discerning and undisputable. WAAAH! What nefariousness is this?! Ogh! You obdurate beast!  Let there be no perplexity: those individuals ''are'' the legitimate faggots. The definition shall be replaced.  No! We rolled in, kicked ass, and took shit over! Is that what a fag does?! Who is this little fag? That's it, let's kill them all! That's right. You got it. Yeah.  I'll killl you!  I swear to God I'll kill you! I'm the man who's gonna put a bullet between your eyes! You little bastard! You fucked my wife! You think I wouldn't find out?! Yeah, right! Ya had to push me, didn't ya?! NOW YOU! There! How's it feel, huh?! You're Gordon Saltski, right?! Truck driver from Chicago?! Yeah, right! We'll see if that's true. Go on, read the morning announcements! I SAID DO IT!  I knew you were lyin'! That was terrible! Now put your mouth over the barrel of this gun! DO IT! Look at you now. We're all dead.  Yeah, I think it would be really fu-fu-fu-fun, and ru-ru-ru-rurrraise my self es-es-esesesteem. My name is Casey Miller, and I'm in the third grade.  I'm tryin' out and dryin' out in the sultry summer sun that is my voice. Excuse me? I don't understand... what I did wrong. Hyeah. Eric Cartman is simply making it so that all kids take responsibility to question their school leaders. We should all ask if our president is a penis-hungry hooker with a huge vagina. I'm Casey Miller.  It is time for that slutty Smurf-killing bitch to get what's comin' to 'er. The sun is up and the birds are chirping. I'm Casey Miller and these, are the morning announcements. I have a letter from second-grade student Brian Falner. Brian writes, "Dear Casey, why is our school president such a fat stupid dickhead? My desk is broken, and so far Eric Cartman has done nothing about it. Will you please let that walking bowl of anus pus know that we are not happy?" Well Brian, I couldn't agree more. Our asshole president is a fat smelly douchebag milkshake. I pledge allegiance to the fag - - a socialist dunghole... Yeah, that's right. We can ask.  Yeah! Oh my God! That was cool. Yeah, bemememe! Yeah, that was cool. Take that, school president! Oh my God! Yeah, great job. Get her good! Awesome. Douglas. "Shouldn't we be worried if our school president is a girl who would rather get her tits licked than go to student council meetings?"  Wull what do you mean? Yes it does! No! No, you must leave the noble Smurfs alone! Who's behind all this?!  I should have known. Wendy! Wendy, what are you doing here?! Wendy, I know you're president of our school, but you can't just dig up the Smurfs' land! How many Smurfberries is enough, Wendy?! Smurfette noooo!  Smurfberries are worth a lot of money. With all those Smurfberries I can power the school for the entire year. Fuck the Smurfs! They can suck my fat tits!  You can suck my fat tits too!  Suck mah fat tits! I can no longer stand idly by. Do it! I'm confused.  Wendy, did a boy just pee on our door because the Smurfs were murdered?  Five seconds.  Guarden los brazos y piernas dentro del paseo- Aw, come on, look how big this pool is. One person peeing in it isn't gonna hurt anything. Oh my God. I've just finished some tests. The water in your park is now 98% pee. You're endangering people's lives!  If those pee levels hit a hundred percent, there's no telling what'll happen! One in three people admit they pee in pools. Add another for people who do but don't admit it; that's two in three. You've got just over five hundred people out there; that's three hundred and thirty two people about to pee in your water! You have to evacuate people now!  We warned the owner of the park, but he refused to shut down. This was inevitable. Yes, I... tested the pH levels this morning. It was almost all pee, no H. I think that would be a very bad idea. Anyone inside there is contaminated. We have reason to believe that when people are exposed to that much pee, they... change. All right uh brubring in, bring in the monkey.  Let's hope to Christ this works.  No, damn it, no! Make way! Make way! I need to speak to the fire marshal! Sir! Sir, I just got off the phone with my colleagues at the university! They've also been testing antidotes on monkeys! They're claiming that they've had success using simple Musa acuminata. Yes. Hold on, ih it is a promising lead, but this antidote hasn't yet been tested on a human. He's all right! All right everyone, quick! Here you go! Ah, gentlemen, I am da Pi-Pi. How can I help you? Yes, uhso whatsuh is the problem? What?! I can'tuh close down now, it'she my biggest-a weekend. Everyone is having a-theh fun. Gehntlemen, please-a. I come-a from ada Venice.  Venice is almost all pee. And we doin' just fine. We swim-a in the pee, we sing-a in the pee. You can't barge in here and tell me thuh, that I have to close down just because my wahter park has-a too much pee.  Why? Why didn't Pi-Pi leesten? They tried to warn-a the Pi-Pi, but-a the Pi-Pi not-a belieeve them.   Oh I, I'm so sohhry. This all-eh my fault. I should've-a shut my water park-a down when it reached-a ninety percent-a pee. But wait-a. Maybe you boys-a can help-a Pi-Pi. In-a the maintenance room-a there's the emergency release-a valve-a. If you open it, all this pee can be lowered. That is-a the problem. The maintenance room is a way down on the basement-a level. I would do it but-a Pi-Pi is-a no good at-a swimming. Somebody will have to dive-a down into the pee, then stay there to turn the release-a wheel. So, who can hold their breath-a the longest?   I'll draw you-a the map, and instructions how to shut off-a the valve-a. It'll be as easy as-a peeing in the shower. Boys-a please-a, we've got to get this-a boy to the drainage-a valve-a or we're all-a gonna die! Okay, there. We are almost-a ready for the diving-a. Now if you run into any da problems you just tug-a three times on the cable and the Pi-Pi will-a pull you back-a to the surface. You've got-a the map and-a Pi-Pi's instructions? Good-a. Now just one last thing.  You need to drink-a some pee. You just need to drink about-a three cups of pee. You swim-a down deep in the pee, you get-a the pressure, the bendza. You have to fill-a inside your body with some-a pee to compensate. But only you can hold-a the breath a long time, just swim down and-a release the valve! If-eh you don't you get-a the benza, then you fail and we all-a die! What's-a the problem? When-a you pee either in the toilet or in the shower it all goes to the sewer. The sewer all goes-a to the ocean, the ocean is the water we all drink, we are always drinking-a the pee! Sure you will, you drank only pee for nine months when you lived-a in your mother's belly. There's no more time-a. You have to drink-a the pee NOW!  Come on, you have to drink aaall-a the peeeee. All right, now you can open the release-a valve. Okay, so let's-a-  And what proof... do you have that the pee levels will go up? He said he's not doing it! And as his lawyer I advise you gentlemen to leave and take your wild pee theories with you! (shrieks)  Aaaah! I want that entire water park contained and quarantined until I get some answers.  I told you people to keep civilians back! We don't know yet, all right?! There's been a pee breach and a lot of people are dead. Now I'm sorry, but you're gonna have to- So this is all pee-related? And? Stay BACK! And why is that? My God! He's become full of rage!  Damn it where is that antidote?! All right, let's test it. Bring in the monkeys!  They're still angry. It's out of control!  Is it possible... the antidote is something as simple as a banana? Get another monkey!   You sure you want to do this? He's losin' it! Stevens, your gun!  You all need to eat your banana immediately! Change how?  It's the best we could come up with in such a short time! We aren't sure of the ramifications, but it does appear to neutralize some particles of the urine. This one's ''really'' angry.  All right, Eric Cartman, let's hear your book report. Hey! You're living in a minority-speaking country now! Say it right! Good. You don't expect to make the same amount of money that minorities make, do ya?  You're trash around here. You'll never make as much as a minority. All those in favor of putting white people in camps? All those opposed? The minorities win!   Wait, you mean a banana. Holy God, it works! All right, let's start moving in, everyone! Check the- He looks agitated... The banana worked!  Eat the banana or we have to put you down! 