 Okay, okay, thank you, Fastpass. What do you guys think? Fastpass, welcome to Coon and Friends. You are about to make a shitload of money. Alright, superheros, it's time to lay out our plan of action. As you can see, I have divided the franchise plan into three phases. Phase 1 begins with The Coon Netflix series and goes through the Coon and Friends United movie, where we introduce Toolshed and The Human Kite. In Phase 2 we do Coon vs. Fastpass followed by an origin movie about Mosquito. That's right. It's in Phase 2 that we introduce Tupperware, our black superhero, like an ace in the hole. Netflix is starving for new shows right now, Toolshed. They will literally buy anything people pitch them. We need to strike while the iron's hot. Later in Phase 3 we can finally get to Civil War, where we will all-  Onscreen! What is it, Super Craig? Who would deliberately use Facebook in such a horribly reckless way? Butters?! Butters, are you using Facebook to fuck with our superhero franchise? If we don't find a way to stop him, we're never gonna make any money, you guys. Wilson Aubrey? It's us, your heroes, Coon and Friends. We're uhm, just wondering why you stopped following us on Instagram? That's not true, Wilson. We're Coon and Friends, not Harvey Weinstein. But it's NOT true.  Okay, but it's NOT true, and you need to have your own fucking brain and decide shit for yourself! God dammit! Let's just face it! We're never gonna have a superhero franchise! Forget it, Fastpass. The world hates us now. Fastpass is right. We let all this distract us from what's important. We just need to get the Netflix series and let our superhero franchise speak for itself! Maybe so, but we know who we are! We are Coon Friends because we care about each other. Because we have each other's back! And when things look their darkest, these heroes will stand together!  And we'll-!  Nothing, just fucking wearing sweet costumes and talking about fighting evil, is that okay?  Oh my God, are you fucking kidding me right now? Because we are Coon and Friends, and as long as we have each other, we can do anything!  Uh yes, hello. We have an idea for a show that we think would be great for Netflix. We'd like to go right into six episodes with a pickup option at the end of three. Yes. We are ready to start right now. We are very, very excited. It's a stand-alone series about a superhero called the Coon before he joins Coon and Friends. Look, you didn't, you didn't read that on the news you read that on Facebook! Listen to me! There are falsehoods about us on Facebook that are NOT TRUE! It's a lot harder than you think! Butters! Yeah! I don't have buttsex with antelopes and Tolkien doesn't poop in girls' mouths! When we all became superheroes, we took an oath. that no matter what it took, we would all make shitloads of money. But thanks to Mark Zuckerberg, right now, we are a superhero group that can't even get a show on Netflix. We're gonna beat him at his own game.  And this child tryin' to speak out for handicapped people! And my friend Kyle, guilty of nothing but standing up for the rights of Jews!  We are just kids trying to have our voices heard for black, handicapped, and Jewish rights, cut down in our prime by Mark Zuckerberg.  Facebook says it's true. It's over, Chaos!  We forced your little toady to shut down his own disorder device! Coon friends, we have done it. Facebook is gone, and Netflix approved our TV show. All we have to do now is agree on the final draft of the franchise plan.  You can see that the Super Craig movie now precedes the Coon vs. Super Craig movie, followed by Mysterion's video game. And then we- You have a movie, Mysterion. You're in the third Coon and Friends United movie , after your video game. Not everyone gets their own movie! Guys! We have to just go with this plan! We don't even have one movie yet! Oh! You want civil war! Is that what you want?! Oh fu- oh fuck you! Get out of my house! Go ahead! I bet you don't even get halfway through Phase 1 on your franchise, DC Comics!  Shut up, Super Craig. 