Hi, I'm Jimbo Kern, and this here is Ned. Say hi, Ned. Arrgh-ha-ha-ha! Now, isn't that great?  --no longer works. So now, we only kill animals to, quote, "thin out their numbers". If we don't hunt, then these animals will grow too big in number and they won't have enough food. So you see, we have to kill animals, or else they'll die. Uhh... So roll the tape. Here we are at Schaefer's Crossing, lookin' for some animals. That sure was a great hunting trip. We saved those deer from extinction. Comin' up next, we're gonna drop some napalm on an unsuspecting family of beavers. And also, try to thin out the numbers of some endangered species. And now, time for ''Jimbo's Mysteries of the Unexplained''.  One of our loyal viewers from South Park sent us some 8mm film of what ''he'' claims to be the Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka. Now, as you all know, the Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka can supposedly kill you with one horrid gaze. If a person even so much as looks into the frog's eyes, they can be paralyzed, or even die. And this film proves that that frog may very well exist. Now watch carefully, you're gonna see the Mexican staring frog. There! There, did you see it? Roll that back again! Now, freeze it! Well, I'd like to know what all you skeptics have to say ''now!'' What do you think, Ned? Oh, lookie who's here. My little nephew Stanley. So, you're interested in your Uncle Jimbo's big TV show, huh? Oh. Yeah, we sure were. Well, sure, Vietnam was fun. But not like goin-to-the-circus fun, or fly-fishin-in-Montana fun. No, Vietnam was more like shovin' shards of broken glass up your ass and then sittin' in a tub of Tabasco sauce fun. Yepper, that's where me and Ned met. I remember I had just gotten off the Ferris wheel. And that's the way it happened, boys. Wow! Holy smokes! We could get an Emmy! Welcome, hunters. Boy, have we got a show for you today! We have just received a tape from another viewer who filmed the Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka right here in South Park. Yes, now we're about to roll the film, but remember: if you look the Mexican staring frog in the eyes, you could go catatonic. We don't know if this applies to pictures of the frog or not, but who wants to take chances? So when we roll this film, be sure to look away. Okay, roll the film, Tom. Is it over? Okay, it's over. Well, there you have it. Undeniable proof that the Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka exists. And you saw it here, on ''The Jimbo and Ned Show''. Well, it appears as though a lot of you "skeptics" thought that the film we showed of the Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka was a fake. That you say it didn't harm anybody. Well, it just so happens that we just received ''another'' film from another anonymous viewer.  Roll it! There you go! Proof that not only is this frog real, but it is doing harm to the people of South Park ''as we speak!'' Well, that does it! All this week, Ned and I will be-- --risking life and limb as we go on location to hunt the Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka. Join us, won't ya? Anonymous tip? Hey, Ned. Remember that time when we got the anonymous tip back in 'Nam? Yep. That war was hell on everybody. Wow! Do we got more money? Let's hunt! Hit the deck! It's him! The Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka. He's right over there on that rock. Dumb-ass! You've got to keep your eyes away from him! Stay down. Ned, you take flight position; I'll try and keep it turned away from you. Hello, fellow hunters. Have we got a show for you today. The Mexican staring frog is sunning itself on a rock directly behind us.  We've got to take the frog by surprise. I'm gonna create a diversion using this incendiary device, while Ned will ambush him from the rear. Now, Ned! He's not looking! Quick, Ned, hit him with the shotgun! Now, Ned! Ned. Ne-ed? Oh, no! Come on, Ned, buddy, snap out of it! Come back to me, buddy. Hold onto your butts. Take that, you demon frog! Ned, Ned? Can you hear me? Quick! Somebody, call an ambulance! This man is catatonic! ..."but Ponyboy was beat up pretty bad. He kept saying, 'stay gold.'" Aw, Ned. If you can hear me, y-you've ''got'' to snap out of it, 'cause if you don't, uh-I'll never forgive myself. Aw, Stanley, he's gone! My only friend in the world is gone! Aghh! What the hell are you doing? I almost looked right at it! What..? ''You sent in those videos?!'' My best friend is a vegetable, and I'm gonna be the laughingstock of South Park! You boys don't understand. Ned was so freaked out by the idea of the Mexican staring frog that he must have sent himself into a deep coma. Uhhhh... Thanks? That's right, Jesus. No respect for their elders. As some of you may know, I host a local show on hunting. Thanks. We've been hunting the Mexican staring frog for a week based on some video footage we received from a viewer. Well, it turns out that these kids faked the footage! Like what? Satan. Got it. Give you a taste of your own medicine, you little fibber! Roger. I'll tell you why. Because he's on drugs and worships the devil! Why, you little piece of crap! Hey!  Bring it on, you bitch! Hey, now. Everything I told you boys about the war actually happened. I uh... Well, okay, I might have em''bellished'' the truth a little, but that's different. Well, sure. I mean, eh...  Well, no uh, I guess not. It's true, she did. Hu-I'm such a tool. I'm sorry, Stan. I was just trying to tell a good story. I never meant for you boys to get in trouble. Aw, he'll be fine. I'll just take him home and show him some good hard-core porn, he'll snap right out of it. Won't you, Ned? Yeah. Titties and beer. 