There's  still a chance, are you serious?!  Oh you don't say? So I'm standin' in line at the airport, waitin' in security 'cause of all the freakin' Muslims.  And the TSA security people all look like black thugs from the inner city; I'm like "Oh good, you're gonna protect us?"  Oh yeah, look, I guess some more broads are leavin'. Oh Jeez you were so on board, I can't believe I let that little offensive mark slip. Poor girls. Did you get your feelings hurt after "Fuck all the immigrants" and?" Jeez, I'm sorry. Jeez.  Oh really? Jeez that's too bad.  Hey, sorry. I didn't realize women were racists. I mean, I don't know. Nothin'. Whatever.  Oh no, I'm I'm trying. I just- Shiiit!   Okay children, let's take our seats! Let's uh, get back to our lessons on grammar, shall we? Okay, does anybody, uh, remember where we left off? No? Alright, uh, who can tell me what an adjective is?  Who can t-who can tell me what an adjective is? Adjectives usually come before what? They come before nouns, that's right. I don't know what you're talking about! I am a teacher!  Okay, adjectives describe nouns, and there are several types of them- What are some examples of adjectives you can give me for this sentence? Anybody?  The yellow ball. That's a good one. Or we can say "the slippery ball," can't we? What else about the ball? No, please!  What else can we say about the ball, children? No, please! Leave me alone!  Oooooohhh.  Oohh! You, you're not gonna try and lynch me too?  I just- I thought we could fuck them all to death, and everyone started listening to me. Next thing I know I actually get the nomination from the Republicans! It is my fault! I told people I could make the country great again, but I didn't have a plan! I got caught up in people cheerin' for me, bein' in the media every day. I, I led this entire election down the shitter. Well then, whose fault is it?! What the fuck is this? I thought you were gonna explain why people want a guy like me to be President. I think those are just grapes. 	You almost make it sound like J.J. Abrams is responsible for this entire election.  Ohh Jeeez. 