You see?? There! This is why it's happening! Everyone's preachin' openness and acceptance, and so now millions of goddamned immigrants are comin' over the border and nobody seems to care!  We should have put up a goddamned wall.  Okay children, let's take our seats. As you've probably noticed, our government has decided to let anyone who wants to, cross the border and screw up our country!  Alright, fine, in the orange shirt.   Seems like everyone's afraid to speak the truth around here! Well I'm throwin' my hat in and sayin' I'll figure this thing out! Now I might not understand politics, or immigration policies, or... the law. Or basic... ideological... concepts. But dammit I understand there there's a bunch of Canadians here and I'm gonna do somethin' about it!  Yeah, and I'm Dan Rather, and I got news for you! Nobody wants you here!  Sorry not sorry! It's time for someone to say it like it is, and make our country great again! And I'm also not afraid to stand up to PC Principal! You, sir, have a pizza face and you suck your mom's dick! Oh, see? And now I'm fired! That's the cold, hard truth of immigration! Well there's only one immigration policy that I believe in, and that's fuck 'em all to death!  Yes. Fuck them all to death. Let'a make this country great again.  I'm suggesting we round them all up, pull down their pants, and fuck them until their spirits leave their bodies! And then, after we've fucked every last one of 'em to death, we build a big wall! And if anyone comes over the wall, we fuck them to death too! And then we fuck to death all the- What do you mean they built a wall?! They can't build a fucking wall! Oh, fuck them to death! What the hell is this?! Look, we came to speak with your government about that We're Americans! We don't even want to be over there! What do you think we're gonna do? All right, smartass! That's just about enough-  Cool shit like what? No! What's back there? Let me see! No! Goddammit, let me see! No, fuck them and fuck you!  I wanna see if they have really cool shit back there! No!  and you've got vinegary balls! The Canadians can't do this! Don't they realize that hundreds of thousands of their people are over here illegally? And you keep your goddamned mouth shut, smart-ass! I'll deal with you!  Okay that's, that's good. Watch the balls. Okay, all right, give me the helmet.  You know what I am, friends? I'm a doer. Canada says we can't go into their country, I'm going into their country! And when I do, I am fucking every last Canadian... so hard!  Hello?  Hey! Where is everyone, guy?  Jeez. I came here to find out where my country gone! No, where my country gone, bitch?! Nobody talks to me like that, fwiend!  Eurgh! Yeah? Little asshole! You think you can-?  Friends. I think I've proven that my policies work to get things done. I know what my true calling is, and I'm gonna keep this goin' all the way to Washington. All right, my friends. I have to say goodbye now, because I'm off to Washington with my running mate!  