I'm writing a song, Dad. We're gonna move back to our old house? Aw, come on, Dad!  Um, hi. We're Crimson Dawn, and um, this is a song I wrote about living out in the country, on a farm. You wanna sign us so we can make a record and I can move away from here? Biopic? You want to make the Crimson Dawn Biopic? Uuummm, it was about two weeks ago. I hah, I hah, I hadn't seen my friend Kyle, and I hate living on a farm, so I started writing songs. Oh. And then Kenny learned to play bass watching YouTube videos of John Lennon with the Dalai Lama.  Aw, seriously? Oh, come on. That's ridiculous!  Yeah. This is so awesome, you guys. Our band is gonna be huge. Hey. What's wrong, Jimmy? Yeah, we can get you a liver transplant. How come? No homosexuality?! We're trying to do a band biopic! Yeah. what's wrong with that? Yeah, because I hate living on a farm 30 miles out of town! I can't stand my dad anymore, and if I want to do death metal, I can! It's a free country! Aw, come on! But that will take forever! Now I know how all the writers in Hollywood feel.  I can't do it anymore, you guys. I can't even think with the Chinese government censoring everything I write. It's so wrong. You know, I mean, we live in a time when the only movies us American kids go see are ones that are approved by China. We just gotta face it. A death metal band is never gonna make real money anymore. The only band that would get approved by China would be all vanilla and cheesy.   Not really. We just almost had a biopic made for our band, but ...wait a minute...  Wait, vanilla and cheesy! I've got it. I've got it! Cut. Cut, cut!  This is all wrong. Yeah, but I can't sell my soul like this. I want to get away from that farm, more than anything, but it's not worth living in a world where China controls my country's art.  I don't care how many people you have! I've got something in me that just won't let me be a part of all this. I wanna be proud of who we are, guys! And anybody who would betray their ideals just to make money in China isn't worth a lick of spit!  Dad? Did you kill Winnie the Pooh? I'm going to go write another song about you. 