Kyle! That is enough! I've been reading up on your poor nurse's condition, and it is ''nothing'' to be made fun of. It's called "conjoined twin myslexia". Now, that's just the kind of unawareness that we need to fight against. Sit down, boys. You see boys, sometimes, when babies are born, they're born as twins. But sometimes the twins get hooked together, and they're born as ''Siamese'' twins. But sometimes, after the Siamese twins are joined together, one of the twins dies before birth. The living baby is born with the dead baby still attached. Sometimes, this dead twin is inside the living person, so even ''you'' could have a dead twin inside you and not even know it! So now that you're educated about her disease, you won't need to make fun of her. Right, bubbe? Can you imagine that poor, poor woman? Feeling like an outcast, being ridiculed every day... Hello? Oh, yes. Hello, Sharon. Well, Sharon, I was just trying to educate them about conjoined twin myslexia.  That does it! I must educate the entire town about this awful disease! Nothing is pissing me off! I just wanta start a movement. I want to talk to you all about your school nurse. No, no no. I'm not upset about her. I want to make the public aware of her. Her disease should be brought to light so that it can be understood rather than made fun of. She has a dead fetus attached to her head. Well, that's exactly what I'm talking about. This poor woman is forced to live in the shadows because she feels like an outcast. It is up to ''us'' to make her feel comfortable and welcome in our town! I want to invite your nurse to a dinner party at my house this evening. I'd appreciate it if both you and Mr. Mackey would attend. Wonderful! So, uhh, where did you get your degree, Nurse Gollum? Ahhh. Gerald! Keep your damn mouth shut!  Please forgive us. I-I'm terribly sorry, Nurse Gollum. I have felt so bad ever since I heard the boys making fun of you-- Yes, we could get you a few hats and wear a different one every day. No big whoop. I've got it! We could set aside a whole week to make the public aware of folks just like you. ''Ooooh'', this is so exciting! I'm gonna get the mayor on the phone right now! Dammit, Kyle! We've been working all week against that kind of behavior!  She's really touched. Yeah, the nerve of some people. 