Jesus Christ, these lines are ridiculous! I'm gonna miss my flight!  E- Excuse me, there are two other security checkpoints. Why can't you open those, too? But you work for the-  uh, God-damnit!! Oh, I feel like I've run a marathon.  What? Well of ''course'' I didn't make it. The line to check in was two hours long, and the security line was two hours more! I can't go tomorrow, the Jizzfest is tonight! This is unbelievable! You know, I seem to remember when the airlines said, "We need a 15 billion dollar bailout from the taxpayers-"!  Well we ''gave'' them the 15 billion dollar bailout and they fired their employees anyway! So now we have three people to clear 400 passengers! So where did that money go? I'll ''tell'' you where it went: it went into the pockets of the presidents and CEOs of the airlines, so they can keep their multimillion-dollar salaries! You think you can treat us however you want because we HAVE to fly! Well I'll tell you what, Sally Sassalot, I'm gonna come up with a NEW mode of transportation! A ahah brand new vehicle that'll put ''all'' you bastards out of business! You think I can't do it?! I got a master's degree in mechanical engineering at Denver Community College! You watch me!!  Come on, everybody! Now it's got to be simple. Like a moped, but with the ability to travel at much faster speeds. The designs of our electrical moped were altered with a- no, nonono this won't work either! It has to be more stable, Mr. Hat! A moped would be too dangerous at those speeds. Damnit!  Now, what if the jet power of an aircraft could be scaled down into a personal vehicle? Oh, Mr. Hat! Would you stop drooling over Enrique Iglesias and... wait a minute. What did you say? That's it. Gyration.  It's so simple and yet genius! We've done it, Mr. Hat. Airline companies be damned. We've invented a whole new mode of transportation! Get some investors on the phone!  Well what are you waiting for?! Gentlemen, imagine being able to travel safely at incredibly fast speeds, and not having to go to the stupid fartface airports! It IS incredible, Mr. Hat. And what makes IT possible  Gentlemen, I give you, IT! IT gets over 300 miles to the gallon, and is safely capable of speeds of over 200 miles per hour.  ...there we go. Now, the final flexigrip is directly in front of the driver so that its small switches can be operated with the mouth, as such.  Okay, now you're just gonna feel a little pinch. It's alright, it's just locking you in.  ''We're in the money, Mr. Hat, We're in the money, Mr. Hat... [Jimbo, holding his lower back, walks up to Mr. Garrison]'' Oh hi, Jimbo. Can I help you?  Oh, right, right. Take a seat.  What do you think, Mr. Marsh? All set to put a down payment on that baby? Sure. Yeup. Right.  Excuse me, what the hell are you doing? Shutting me down? Why? Yeah, well that was the point, dingleberry! Ah-t put that down! OH, GOD-DAMNIT! You'd better be kidding!  THE AIRLINE COMPANIES ARE LOSING MONEY BECAUSE OF THEIR OWN INCOMPETENCE AND THEIR OWN INEFFICIENCY!! HWAAAAHHH! Airline motherfuckerrrs! You pieces of shiiit! Cocksucking sons of bitch airlines!  