My God, I never knew chickenpox was such a dangerous illness. That's not crazy at all, Sharon. Mothers do it all the time. Noo, no. And I'm pretty sure that strange little boy Kenny has the chickenpox right now. How would you boys like to have a little slumber party at your friend Kenny's house tonight? I don't understand it. He's perfectly healthy. Are you sure you stayed over at Kenny's house? Did you sleep in the same room? Bubbe, how would you like to spend the night at your friend Kenny's house again? Well I think you need to spend more time with your friends. I'm gonna give Mrs. McCormick a call. ''No'', bubbeleh. You play with Kenny some more. I've got a ''great'' game for you. It's called "ookie mouth". First, you let Kenny spit in your mouth. Then you try to swallow his spit and say "ookie mouth" at the same time. No, no, bubbe, it's loads of fun. Try it. That ought to take care of it. Oh, no thank you. It's ''terrific'' though, it's-- You don't have any tea bags or coffee grounds to go in the hot water, do you? I see. Well, you certainly have aab- humble home, Mrs. McCormick. Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Try again, bubbe! You know, your husband and mine used to work together as teenagers. ''Real''ly? I met Gerald in college, so I didn't know. What happened to them? Well that's too bad. I'm sure your husband's a fine man. But if they were such good friends it seems silly that they don't even talk anymore. Let's get them together! We'll just arrange a little fishing trip for them or something. Practice makes perfect, bubbe. No I don't understand it, Dr. Schwartz, he's ''perfectly'' healthy. He's been over at Kenny's house three days in a row and still hasn't caught the chickenpox. I don't know what else to do. We sent the ''other'' boys over and ''they'' all got sick, but I can't get my little Kyle to catch it.  Kyle, what are ''you'' doing there, honey?  I'll call you back, Dr. Schwartz.  What, ''bubbeleh'', what is it? ''Oy''. It was for your own good, Kyle. I wanted you to get chickenpox while you were young. Now, Kyle, come here. Hoh boy. So how was it? Did you boys have a good time fishing? Catch anything? Well, darling, I have to tell you something. He didn't invite you. I set the whole thing up. ''I'' thought it would be ''good'' for you.  I'm doing the best I can!  Oh good, maybe you finally caught the chicken-- Kyle!! And how are you, Kyle? What-what-whaaat?! You did this?! It's true. We were wrong for deceiving you about it. 