 Math homework, Math homework. Where did I file that?  Bush is a Naizi ...Eh the... Foggy who?   But you guys are such better studiers than me. I know you can pull it off. Maaaa. M-maaaa. Maaaa. Mah mah mh.  In those days? In those days? In those days? I'm trying to have a flashback. You know. If I have a flashback, then I can ''see'' what 1776 was like first-hand! No. I've seen this work before. Just give me a second.  With me. With... anything to do with me. With me.  Maaaaa. Meh mameh, Maaaaa! That's what I'm doing. I'm about to find out all about what happened back in 1776.  All I have to do is be ''thinking'' about American history when I walk through this doorway. I'll trip the rope, causing the rock to fall on my head. And then I will have a flashback to the times of our Founding Fathers! Haha, make fun of me all you want, Kyle! But I will have the last laugh. Gentlemen, if you will clear the doorway, please?  Benjamin Franklin?  Kyle! Get out of my flashback, you God-damned Jew! Ah, Stan, Kyle, Kenny, you're just in time. Oh yes! I am just about to flash back to the days of our Founding Fathers! I have programmed TiVo to record over fifty hours of the History channel. When TiVo is full, both TiVo and I will be dropped into the water, combining our electrowhatever fields and sending me into a flashback of history! Or a really sweet one.  Whoa, here it goes!  Ohhh awesome!!!  Yeah yeah. Can you tell me what year it is? Oho yes! I did it I did it! Oho kick fucking ass, dude!  No, I'm not from here at all. I'm having a flashback. Super neato!  But, I need to talk to the Founding Fathers to do my report. And I am the official messenger boy, I am.  Wow, the Declaration of Independence Day. It's a bitch, ain't it? Wow.  Whoa, how very very relevant. Oh, it's Benjamin Franklin. It's Benjamin Franklin. It's Benjamin Franklin. Wow, I get it now! I get it!  Whoa, here it goes. I wish I could go back to my time. To my time, to, to my time. Wow!  If you all don't mind, I would like to do my report now. I know what the founding fathers would say. I learned somethin' today. This country was founded by some of the smartest thinkers the world has ever seen. And they knew one thing: that a truly great country can go to war, and at the same time, act like it doesn't want to.   You people who are for the war, you need the protesters. Because they make the country look like it's made of sane, caring individuals. And you people who are anti-war, you need these flag-wavers, because, if our whole country was made up of nothing but soft pussy protesters, we'd get taken down in a second. That's why the founding fathers decided we should have both. It's called "having your cake and eating it too." The Founding Fathers want you all to know that we can disagree all we want, as long as we agree that America kicks ass. 