Parents, it's that time of year again when the bishops and priests from around the country are organizing the Young Men's Catholic Retreat. This year, we're taking the boys on a weekend boat trip to discuss Jesus's role as the Navigator of our lives.  Uh... Good-bye, everyone. Fathers, I want to thank you all for coming. Uh-yes, uh, I'm afraid if things keep going the way they are, we could lose our entire religion. Right, and so... wa- wait a minute. What?  Well, I mean, obviously, what we need to put a stop to is all the sexual misconduct that is allowed to take place in our churches, and not just tell the children not to tell anybody about it. I mean, right? No. No, I mean! I've never molested any of the children in my church! Oh for the love of God! Are you all saying that you've engaged in inappropriate relations with your altar boys? We are here to bring the light of God, not harm the innocent!  I'm serious! Dear God. This problem is much more severe than I could have possibly imagined. I have to go to the Vatican and get help.   That's right-wait. What? Not get caught? NO!! I, I think what we should do is not have sex with boys!  Well, maybe we need to ''change'' the Holy Document of Vatican Law.  Gelgameks? Look, people! I'm just trying to say that if we don't change the Holy Document of Vatican Law, then we might lose everyone to atheism! Well, for one, no sex with boys.  Uh well then, perhaps we could change the Holy Document of Vatican Law to say that... it's okay for a priest or bishop or cardinal to have sex... with women.  Wuh- okay, m-maybe we just need to forget about the Gelgameks for a second and focus- I'm just saying, what works on planet Gelgamek isn't necessarily goin' ta work for the rest of us here, on Earth. You see? That's the problem we're having here. Why not?! But if we locate it we can make changes to it? Well we have to try. Our religion is dying!  Ahh, hello. Uh- My name is Father Maxi, from the United States. I... I'm trying to find the Holy Document of Vatican Law. ...So that we can make revisions to it. I have to try. Our religion is in trouble, and... and that scroll may be our only hope! Very well. Here we go.     Queen Spider? Alright, that does it!!! I've had enough!!! You people have completely lost touch with the outside world! You sit in this big room with your Gelgameks and your Queen Spider, and none of it applies to what being a Catholic is all about!! To hell with the Holy Document of Vatican Law!!  No I didn't! All that's dead are your stupid laws and rules!  Look, I, I'm proud to be a Catholic. But I'm a Catholic in the ''real'' world. In today's world! It's time for you all to do that, too. It is time... for change. 