Alright parents and students, please take your seats.  Listen, listen! Principal Victoria has been fired! And a new person has been appointed to try and make South Park Elementary a more... progressive place that... fits in with today's times. Heh ukay? So please welcome... PC Principal.  Well, we have Tolkien; he's black. Wha- I got detention?  Did I, did I say that all right?  Yes, PC Principal! R-right away! M'kay? Well, Eric, maybe you shouldn't have put a picture of you in your underwear up on social media. N-No, PC Principal. Come on, boys, let's get back to class.  Attention, students. Kyle Broflovski report to the Principal's office please? Kyle Broflovski to the Principal's office please, m'kay?  Uhh, uhh, thank you for coming. I think he's finally lost it, Kyle. He and his PC buddies are on a hunger strike and, they're calling for people's resignations. Kyle, PC Principal had problems with Jimmy and with Leslie. And now they're missing. M'kay? Nobody knows where they are. That's what happens. You go against PC, and you just end up missing. M'kay? PC Principal had issues with them. M'kay? And he had issues with you, Kyle. Whatever's goin' on, it's pretty damn scary.  Nobody move! Okay?! Everyone just stay where you are! Yes, I wanted Principal Victoria fired! But I didn't want any of this! Eighteen years of answerin' to you! EIGHTEEN YEARS! Of you always... tellin' me what to do! You never listen!! Nobody listens to me! They just expect me to listen to them! I don't know, maybe I got manipulated by these ads too somehow but, I should have been a better person! What? Fired? Sweet dude! I've already got four days of detention. I don't want anymore. I'm gonna start following the rules.  Tom Brady. Deny and subvert. Everybody shoplifts. Why are you coming down on me? A perfect storm of hypocrisy that everyone in the country has to deal with for months on end.  You're right, guys. I'm gonna Tom Brady this thing! I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say "You're not giving me four day of detention! You're only giving me one!" NO! No, to hell with that! "You're giving me NO days detention! And then I'm gonna go home and fuck my hot wife! Who's not even that hot, and kinda looks like a dude!"   Oh, PC Principal, how are you today? You know, I think you and I got off on the wrong foot the other day. By all means, please, keep your dick out. You see, I'm not going to accept four days of detention and... you're going t'apologize publicly for being so strict to me and my friends at school. It's just a request, that's all. See you around.  Why, this is Butters' underwear. PC Principal, you have Butters' underwear and now...  This certainly doesn't look good for you. I don't need to tell anyone about this. No, I think we have an understanding. Capiche? You mean about keeping your dick out? Oh-kay. Look, you don't want to end up like the spokesman for Subway, so you? Okay, let's back up.  Aaah!  No, I'm sorry. I was just trying to frame you for raping Butters! Oh God!  We can't beat him, you guys. PC Principal is too strong. There's nothing left to do. I'm going to admit I did something wrong, take my punishment, and move on. I'm not Tom Brady. No way. Because PC Principal is right, Kyle. You and I are bigots, and it's time for us to grow up. If I can face my prejudice, why can't you? We're two privileged, straight white boys who have their laughs about things we never had to deal with.  No more fat-shaming, Kyle. Let's start a new chapter. No. I'm going to call you... my friend. I... guess we never realized how bad he really was. Ack! Butters! Oh Butters, I've lived such a horrible life! Always doing whatever I want and claiming it to be for integrity. BUTTERS? I'm never going back to the person I was. I swear to God. From now on the world is going to know a new and better Eric Cartman. OH. Eh, oh it's no use, Butters. I want to get out there and start making positive changes, but I... can barely even walk.  How is everybody doing? Who?  I don't have a choice. I have to take these PC people out. I do, but I have to help Kyle, even if I don't agree with his hateful, bigoted thoughts. Kyle's view may be warped. I personally think Caitlyn Jenner's a stunning hero,  but that doesn't mean I'll stand by while Kyle's intolerance is dealt with violently. We're going to war with these PC people once and for all! Butters, I'm going to need 200 pregnant Mexican women and some taco launchers. All right, send in the pregnant Mexican women!  Fire the taco launchers!   All right, good. The pregnant Mexican women are falling asleep on the tacos.  All right, the Syrian refugees are trying to protect their children! Gimme a- Oh fuck, there's Kyle.  What the fuck are you doing, Kyle? Yes. But at least we showed him that sometimes joking about un-PC things can actually be important, because it starts a dialogue.  What's wrong, Kyle? You have your cake. Eat it, too. Hmmm... And who does that remind you of, Kyle? Now if you don't mind, I'm gonna go home and fuck my hot wife. Who, kind of looks like, a dude.  You guys, I think this whole thing is a conspiracy. Think about what happened: American has pretty secure border for years. Kyle gives a big speech about tolerance and acceptance that goes viral. A bunch of Canadians cross the border illegally. Kyle's brother is Canadian. What if Kyle knowingly gave that speech to get all the illegals in? And he's sitting right here.  Yeah, yeah, this is interesting. Have you guys read Genesis Thirty-four? Well, it's intriguing, because in Genesis Thirty-four, the Jews actually did something similar to what Kyle is doing now. But it's happening a lot more now. After you decide to give a big speech about Caitlyn Jenner. Because you want to bring down the cultural fabric of America. 'Cause you're a Jew. Yeah, I'm out. Guys, what if this was all exactly what Kyle planned? Get the Canadians here, make them feel persecuted, and then what? Uprisings? Rebellion? Next thing you know, they're sending us to camps and using us as livestock! Yeah, we're gonna need a symbolic union. You know, what's that story about the two sides that were fighting and, then a guy from one side got with a girl from the other side and their love sort of brought the groups together?  Yes, Lion King II. I mean, if we can get one of us to go out with one of them - probably, have sex - then it could be a symbol of us all getting along. Is he seriously? Is he seriously giving a speech right now?  This is gonna have to happen pretty fast, so whoever's gonna do it needs to ask a Canadian girl out soon. 1 2 3 Not it. What about that one? In the glasses? She's kinda hot. All right, how about the lanky one, there? Ooo, ooo, What about the one in the hat? She kind of looks like Alanis Morissette, huh? Okay, Bu-Butters, relax. Okay. Do you just want a race war? Okay, go fuck the one in the white shoes.  And start a pride all of our own. Have you given her the old Hot Cosby yet? Butters, we don't have time for that! I told you you have to cut to the chase with a Hot Cosby! Nobody cares about forty years from now when she suddenly changes her mind, Butters! Time is of the essence! We're all gonna die!  Dude! Because apparently he doesn't care that his jokes are at the expense of actual people. No.  Hey, we are not bumpkins! Okay?! Kenny's a bumpkin! We don't have junk cars in our yards, that's just your family, Kenny!  Are the Mexicans actually staying? Oh, thank you. And, uh did I mention I am a food critic for Yelp? Okay, I just didn't want you caught off-guard.  I was thinking of giving this place 5 stars.  Yeah, but I'm kind of teetering on 5 stars or 1 star. Ah I mean, I could probably be persuaded with some free desserts. Great, and can you turn down the music a bit?  This pagan shit hurts my ears. Oh hey, hey busboy. Busboy busboy, por favor.  Busboy! Ehexcuse me? Uhh, it's actually pronounced "David," okay? It's "David," dude. Look it up. Mmmhmmm!  Oh God, now everyone thinks they're a food critic.  Crispy risotto bites from Olive Garden. I'm a restaurant critic, Butters. I get whatever I want. EEWW.  What's the busboy doing here? Oh, cool. Are you gonna clean the tables here too? How do you get to school?  Do you ride your tiny bicicleta? Huh? Look amigo, I'm sorry I only gave your parents' restaurant 2 stars, but it could have been worse. I'm sorry, but the food totally messed my stomach up. The morning after I ate it I went to the bathroom and my poop was all solid. Like no water at all. It was like this one solid piece that I had to... push out my asshole. It was like being raped from the inside. Your parents' restaurant just wasn't up to my standards, David. David. David. David David David David! I can update this to a 1-star review in two seconds, dude.  ...Oohhhh God I love being a restaurant critic. Uhuh, I'm a food critic, Butters, okay? I can't just eat cafeteria food. Well, you are a little late, like, I dunno, maybe only  1 star late. Sounds good. Now get the fuck out of here. Yes, no no, you you're right, Kyle. I'm not important. Oh, hey David, I was just wondering, um, how do you get to school? Do you... ride your tiny bicicleta? Eh? What? I just want to hear him say "Sí, me ride me tiny bicicleta to schooool."  Hm hm hm the fuck?  Heyheyhey hey! What's goin' on, man? What are you talking about? I'm the most influential critic in this town. Okay David, forget the spill, just give me one little "My name is David. Me ride me biciceta to schoool"   It's all over, Butters. Everything I've worked so hard to achieve. All these hack wannabe food critics have made my profession a joke. All these people trying to be like me. And they don't even write about poop consistency the next day. I guess.  You're right, Butters. Maybe I can actually use all these people somehow to make... real food critics respected again. Not a part, Mom. I've invited all the poser food critics over for a meeting. It's not fun, it's serious. These people think they can do what I do, but they need to be, made to understand the reality. When the Yelpers get here I need you to get lost, okay? Okay, that's them, that's them. Go, get lost, Mom!  Fuuuuuuck!  Mom! But Mom, there's like a billion people here. Oh, this many people have nothing better to do than write reviews on Yelp?! Mom, there's a fucking billion people here!  Uh, thank you all for coming. My name is Eric, and as you know, us Yelpers are being scrutinized- Yes. Us Yelp critics are being scrutinized. Now, you see, the problem is that when there's too many reviewers, people no longer know who is the real food critic.  It's great that you all want to be critics, but we all know who the real food analyst of the town is. Okay. So, as long as there is one clear leader, then the rest of you can just follow. And with this many people all following  one captain, we can fight to get our power back! So now rise up, and  fight for your leader!! Fight together and show the restaurants that our food critic does matter!  It didn't do well with Yelpers. Oh come on, admit it. The food sucked. Look, I'm sorry goys, but Whistlin' Willy failed to recognize the influence someone like me has on their business. Now, I just have one question for you, David. Do you ride... your teeny, tiny, bicicleta... to school? Yeah, I'm done! I'm now the leader of thousands of people! They all hang on my every word!  And I'm gonna use my power to finally get what this town really needs. Oh, hello David!  ...wanted special privileges, but these people think I should have them! Right, guys? Maybe I don't deserve special treatment, but how else can I be the elite food critic they want?  Why thank you, David. That's good service. Mmmm, is that a jalapeño cream sauce? Hmmm. It's tart, but savory.  Yes, I was just trying to do my job as a food critic and they all ganged up on me and said I was fat. I was in the locker room. I was in my underwear and these kids walked by  I said you were perfect because you're really good at getting all your schoolwork done on time  so you'd probably do a really good job. I'm not a joke! I wanted someone smart and hard-working! There you are. You have my social media comments?  Mm-hm. Hm-oh, that's nice. Oh great. This is all the Twitter comments? Okay, nice. Oh ni- oh, very enthusiastic. This is so great!  Oh Kyle! You thought me having someone edit my social media would make me look stupid? You should see all the comments I'm getting. People are actually really stoked on me now. Butters!  What the hell is this? The last report you gave me has a comment that says "This picture of you burned my eyes, fatso!" What new people?  Dude, fuck Demi Lovato! She's fuckin' hot, she's not being fat-shamed! Butters, I want this fixed by tonight! You got that?! <poem><i>Everyone likes me and thinks I'm great in my safe spaaaace.</i></poem> <poem><i></i></poem> <poem><i>Bully-proof windows.</i></poem> <poem><i>People that support me.</i></poem> <poem><i>More people that support me.</i></poem> <poem><i>Bully-proof windows. </i></poem> <poem><i>What? Who is that?</i></poem> <poem><i>I'll take care of him, Demi! </i></poem> <poem><i>Our safe spaces will keep you out!</i></poem> <poem><i>But Reality we can do without!</i></poem> <poem><i>Bully-proof windows.</i></poem> That was nice. Hey, Kyle. You wanna see what people said about my dick pic? Everyone's pretty stoked on it. Uh oh.  Dude, Tweek and Craig. It's just so weird. If they've been gay this whole time, have they been checking me out? I'm pretty sure Craig has seen my wiener. Should I kick his ass? I just don't understand it, Cupid Me. Wanting to like, kiss a dude? I guess, just because I don't understand it doesn't mean I shouldn't support it. Alright. Maybe you can help them along. Yes, Cupid Me. Make it quick, and don't let anyone see you. Did you do it, Cupid-Me?  That's so sweet. Yeah, dude. You're hilarious.  Stop that, Cupid Me. I told you I'm not homosexual, okay? It's not funny. Yep. School tomorrow should be really interesting.  You guys! You guys, hurry! It's, It's Tweek and Craig, dude! They're about to have sex!  Oh-ho come on, you guys. Get a room.   "Can't we just try? Tee Hee." Oh man. Someone who needs a real talking to. Look, it's flattering, okay? But it doesn't change the fact that there's nothing here for you to keep pursuing. You are wasting your time. I'm not attracted to guys. I realize that, but I'm sorry. I need you to stop bothering me.  What are you doing? This place isn't you.  No I'm not. I'm here because we need you right now. Fuck you. The whole town is sad. Cupid Me, you have to help.  I'm not homosexual! Ugh. Alright, one date. But only if you help get Tweek and Craig back together. Oh, hey, whoa, whoa-whoa-whoa. I'm not here for me, I'm here for my friend, okay?   Okay, okay, the date's almost over. It's fine. It just doesn't really do anything for me. Cu- Cupid Me, no! No, I'm straight! Cupid Me, what are you doing?! Oh my God!  You guys! Oh my God you guys! You guys, they're gay!  They're totally gay! Kenny and Tolkien. Kenny and Tolkien, dude. They're so gay. Butters told me. No dude. In those old abandoned buildings around Kenny's house, Kenny and Tolkien turned it into a big ninja clubhouse. And they dress and play ninjas in it trying to scare people away. It's the gayest thing ever dude? Ninjas are fuckin' dumb! Dude, come one! We've gotta go see this!  Oh my God they're so gay you guys. Ah, no, we're good, thanks.  Oh my God this is a sausage party!  That's pretty cool. Totally dude, ninjas are sweet.  Dude, can I talk to you for a minute? Listen, I don't think we should let Kyle be a ninja, okay? He said ninjas were gay. He's probably gonna try and turn it around on me, but that's 'cause Kyle knows I heard him. Yeah, cool... it's me, Butters. I'm just, I'm just Butters, man. I have problems with lots of things. Yes I do, Butters.  Yeah, we're pretty bad-ass, and um, this is, like, our fortress, and you can see it's really cool. Yeah yeah yeah, and it's like, we can do whatever we want, and people are scared of us, it's totally rad! Oh my God! I never said it was gay! That is a total lie!! Why would I say anything homophobic about the way Tweek and Craig make love?!  He's a lying, backstabbing Jew! So then, after you told me, we went over to Kyle and Stan when they were playing basketball, remember? And we said Kenny and Tolkien were playing ninjas, and Kyle said that ninjas were gay, and I said ninjas are gay, but it was a question. You remember? No nonono, see? Now Kyle got everyone remembering it wrong because he doesn't wanna get kicked out of the group. That's what Jews do when they get caught in a lie. You cannot trust a Jewish ninja, Butters. Whoa, dude. They're fuckin' ninjas, dude! Ah, excuse me. Can I just set the record straight on something? Should Jews be trusted?  Uh I mean, if one of us is a Jew, do you see that as being at all problematic? YES!  Oh—oh, oh—oh! Oh—oh, oh—oh! What did I tell you guys? You guys, I know this is hard for all of us. But to truly be ninjas, we must face hard facts. Last night I spoke in private with our ninja leader overseas. We talked a long time about Jews and the Hebrew faith. He told me a lot I didn't know. And I was able to tell him some things he did not know. But after talking with that guy, it is abundantly clear to me that Jews cannot be ninjas. I went to Kyle's house to talk to him about it, and I found this.  Kyle knew I would never call ninjas gay. When I take the gag off, he's going to try and tell you that I'm lying now. Do not believe him. Kyle is a liar.  Who, who is this? ...and I am Tolkien. Why do I do these things, you ask? Black rage. Oh, I get the misunderstanding now. No, see, I told Clyde that Kyle said ninjas were gay, but Clyde thought I was Kyle, so then he was saying that I said ninjas were gay, meaning I as in Kyle. No! You CAN'T kick me out! I have to be a ninja! They hate Jews. I was made for this, you guys! Please! I told you guys. What did I tell you? I said ninjas are fuckin' gay but you didn't wanna listen, nooo!  Oh, my fucking God... I'm so bored, dude. I am not your slave, Kyle.  PC Principal wants to see you, Kyle! Have fun, dude. Yeah, and wasn't Jimmy the one in charge of the school newspaper? So who's putting this out? How do you hate the Internet? That's like hating titties. How does it do that? That movie's gonna suck dude. Eating ice cream, dipshit. And then Tolkien tells Clyde that if his mouth was a bank, Clyde's mom would have already deposited her dick in it. Which is hilarious because Clyde's mom is dead.  Didn't we finish doing that? Why isn't anyone looking at me? Stan's calling you a traitor. I am loving this right now. Hoh that's low.  Fight!  What? Who would use a Cosby joke to push their own agenda? So what do we do now? Kyle, even if we thought it would help protect us, how are we all gonna get our hands on guns? Alright, cool, we got guns. So now what? Hey! Don't fall too hard, partner.  Do I look sweet, Butters? Yeah, I just want to finish this movie. Mom, I'm into this movie. I'm not going to bed right now. Chillax. I will go to bed  when this movie is over, Mom! Turn off the light and go back to bed. I'm staying up. I don't think so, Mom. No means no, Bill Cosby! Whoa, Mom, what the hell? Mom, put down the gun. Okay, I am going.  I'm going to bed now, Mom. Chillax.  Okay, I love you too, Mom. Night-night.  That's a nice gun right there. Yes, dude! Alright, listen up. My name is PC Principal. I don't know about you, but frankly I'm sick and tired of how minority groups are marginalized in today's society. I'm here because this place is lost in a time warp! Students who still use the word "retarded"! A teacher who said women without wombs should get an AIDS test! A chef "person of color" who the children had sing soul songs and who the children drove to kill himself!  And that's two days' detention for you, young man! We'll see you at 4! Let me ask you this. We're in Colorado, right?! Where are the Hispanic kids?! Huh?! Where are the ethnic and racial minorities?!  And that's two days' detention for you, Mackey! Congratulations! I Googled South Park before I came here, and I cannot believe the shit you're getting away with! People claiming to be advocates of transgender rights, but really just wanting to use the women's bathroom!  A white man who thinks he's Chinese and built a wall to keep out Mongolians. What the fuck is this?! Are you fucking kidding me?! I'm telling you all, this is done! Like it or not, PC is back, and it's bigger than ever! Weoo-weoo-weoo You hear that?! That's the sound of 2015 pulling you over, people! Suck it!  Have a seat. I've been talking with your child, and we're gonna be giving him two weeks' detention. Your son said some things to a fourth-grade girl that frankly make me wanna puke! Now that I'm principal, I'm not gonna allow  anyone at this school to be made feel unsafe and harassed!  beautiful woman who had the exquisite bravery of a butterfly flying against the wind. And then this shit comes out of people's mouths! You got a fuckin' problem bro?! 'Cause it's not Bruce fuckin' Jenner! It's Caitlyn, and she's a fuckin' stunning woman! Or maybe you're the one teaching him to demean women in the first place! HUH?! What's up?! What's fuckin' up, bro? Get the fuck out of here, dude!   Hey! What seems to be the problem here, gentlemen?! I'm PC Principal. No way! There's more PC bros here? Sweet, bros. Texas A&M. Bro, I had no idea there were like-minded individuals in this town that defended social minorities. We should all hang out. What are you doing in the faculty bathroom? What the fuck are you talking about?  What? What did you just say? "Capiche"?! You're associating Italian-Americans to intimidation tactics?!  Did you just use a term that excludes women from an occupation?!    You dare to use words that alienate two communities of people who have to deal with verbal biases like yours on a daily basis?!  All right pledgies, we're excited. You wanna try and be PC. We hope you've got what it takes to join the most socially active group in America. You know, there's still some people out there that say "What does being PC really mean?" Well, I'll tell you what it means. It means you love nothin' more than beer, workin' out, and that feelin' you get when you rhetorically defend a marginalized community from systems of oppression. All right, pledges, listen up. Congratulations on making it to the final cuts.  Now it's time for the final test. So what you're gonna have to do, to prove you belong with PC, is go out there, and check someone's privilege. Topher, can you explain "check your privilege" please. Yeah, see, there's some people out there like Brett fucking Favre who think that when we all stand up and applaud Caitlyn Jenner at the ESPY Awards, he can get away with one of these bullshit claps!  It's called "clapping" Favre! What the fuck are you doing?! Washing your hands?! You're either on board, or you're NOT, bro! Now, if he's gonna bring shame on someone, then he can have his privilege checked and have a little shame brought down on him!  No. 'Cause there's somebody even worse now. I gotta hand it to you, Marsh. You really checked that little boy's privilege. Using those Syrian refugees was genius, bro. You're not only PC, you've actually changed my PC.  Congrats. Here's your Oakleys. You really think you can refer to an undocumented immigrant as a "Canuck"?! So did you forget that at eight and eleven all Canadians face east and play Chuck Mangione?  Or did you not care to find out about their religious customs? Then you need to be teaching in both languages from now on! Mackey, sign the faculty up for Canadian-language night classes! You're on thin ice, Garrison! Get in line or you'll be out of a job, bro! Alright everyone, listen up. In order for better understanding we've asked students of Canadian origin to introduce you to their culture and  - to introduce you to their culture and customs. So let's give them our undivided attention as they take us on a whirlwind journey through their diverse history. Garrison, what do you think you're-? That's it Garrison! You are fired from South Park Elementary!  Hey bro, I'm the new principal of the school. My name's PC Principal. That's right. You know, I think it's changed a lot. I really do. I've seen some real progress. Definitely had some holdouts - people who went kicking and screaming into 2015, but yes, I think they deserve it. So these guys made fun of your weight and made you feel ashamed? Alright, why don't you take me back to what happened?  Hey! You got a fuckin' problem, Mackey! Because body-shaming is fuckin' serious, and I'm not gonna allow that shit in my school! ''[faces Cartman''] Nobody should have to feel that kind of shame! Morning, Kyle. Have a seat right there.  Well, Eric and I have been talking, and we've decided it's probably best for him to get off of social media. So what we're looking for is a student volunteer. Somebody who can put the things Eric wants up on the Internet for him and also filter through all the comments and make it more of a safe space for him. That's right. Kyle, you know what body-shaming is, right? How much it can hurt someone's life? All you have to do is check out all the comments, type out just the positive ones, and give that to Eric on paper. Okay, Kyle, well maybe you'd like two weeks' detention instead. You sure about that? That's two weeks' detention for you, bud! I'll see you at 4!  And when we said someone should probably help Eric by filtering out any negative comments, he mentioned you by name. Nothing funny about this, Testaburger! This is a big problem in our country! And that's two weeks' detention for you! Congratulations!  You want detention? Then you start today! Butters, it's your job to make sure Eric has a safe space. Alright everyone, listen up. In order to better understand the negative effects of body-shaming, we have a-  Hey, Seagal! Listen, that was a really amazing talk you gave to the kids. I can see that you're in a lot of pain, bro. I've got someone who I think can help. So I want you to do for Mr. Seagal the same thing that you're doing for Eric Cartman. This man took the time to come to your school and help spread body-shaming awareness! I think you can give him a little of your time! You know, if there's one thing I really respect, it's plus-sized models who challenge the idea of what makes a woman beautiful. These ladies are gonna be part of a big ad campaign for plus-sized lingerie, and we wanna make sure they're protected from any harassing comments. Hey, they're gonna putting themselves out there, and all I'm asking you to do is go through their social media and delete the two or three comments that are mean. I know it's a lot, but I just really need you to help these plus-sized models. And Vin Diesel. Look bro! You've done an amazing job with Eric Cartman. You have really turned his life around, and other people deserve... to be as happy as he is. <poem><i>Your safe spaaaace.</i></poem> <poem><i></i></poem> I guess... I asked too much of one kid. Alright, everyone, listen up.  from our Asian-American students presented by our student-body president, Wendy Testaburger. Alright, guys, I know there have been a lot of rumors flyin' around. Just wanted to check in, see if you have any questions for me. What's wrong with being gay? Nothin' wrong with that. That is completely irrelevant! Okay? What matters, and the reason I brought you in here, is that you understand affirmative consent. IF there is a romantic relationship here, you have to make sure your partner is comfortable with any sexual exploration. Now in a gay relationship it gets a little trickier, but you still have to follow some guidelines, alright? I don't care about that, bro! Tweek, if, and I'm only saying if, at some point you wanted to touch Craig's penis, you can't just go grabbin' for it. Alright? You need to say something like "Craig, is it alright with you if I touch your penis?" Okay? Let's try it out. You want two weeks' detention instead?! This shit's important! Okay, good. Now, Craig, you might say "You may touch my penis. I'm comfortable with that.".  Or of course you could say "No, you may not touch my penis at this time.". Okay. Now we're getting somewhere. Now, Craig, what would you say if you wanted to take a gander at Tweek's asshole? Hello, Mr. Tucker. I need to inform you that your son was in an altercation at school today. Yes, with his boyfriend. Just a lovers' quarrel, probably.  Something to be expected in relationships. Apparently there were no affirmative consent issues, as your son knows the right way to play with another boy's penis. There's not gonna be any disciplinary action since they are gay. We wanna be supportive, so we're just gonna send them on home with some money, alright? Alright, you have a nice day. There she is, officers, right there. I told you to stop chatting with your friend, didn't I, Leslie? You  That one. That's her right there. You remove her from my school. Get her out of here!  Waaaah!  When I find out who did this!  Broflovski! Was it you? I just saw a copy of the school newspaper in which a student used the word "retarded" to refer to our cafeteria lunch policy! The word "retarded" does not belong in our school!! Who is in charge of the school paper?! 'Cause I'm about to break their fuckin' legs! Alright, uhh, I I guess we haven't formally met before. Uhh, the reason I need to talk with you, Jason, is because of a very important- Alright, Jim. Thank you. I want to talk to you today about the use of the R word in your school paper.  You see, the 'R' word is very bad. Says me. Right? Now I know a thing or two about the rights of people with disabilities. When you use the 'R' word to describe the school's lunch policy, it can hurt people's hearts.  Can you understand that at all? ...Okay, well, from now on I'm gonna need to approve the school paper before you hand it out, okay? What'd you say? Look, I don't wanna get angry, okay? No, I'm not. I am very not uncomfortable. Alright, look, unless I can approve your paper, it is not being distributed on campus, you got that? Not unless it is approved by me. Do you understand?  Who does this kid think he is?! Challenging me?! I said one micro-aggression to him, okay?! One little micro-aggression! But that doesn't mean I have an unconscious bias towards people with disabilities! But why would a person with a disability not see that what I'm trying to do is actually protect them? You're right. This kid just needs to be shown he's being an Uncle Abel. I can always count on my PC frat brothers to have my back. Let's go PC! Alright Jim, I know you've been trying to wrap your head around some of the social issues he discussed yesterday. I'm sure you're feeling confused and a little unsure of yourself. Okay, well, no, you are confused- Because you don't grasp the severity of this, and that's why I brought in another young person with disabilities to share his feelings. Thanks for comin' in to talk to us, Nathan. Me too, bro, me too. Nathan, could you tell Jimmy how you feel when people uwe the word "retarded"? You feel bad, right. You feel like that's a no-no word, right? Okay, wow, that's pretty heavy. Pretty heavy, huh Jim? I am not uncomfortable! I simply care about a horrible, outdated word that is exclusive, ignores individuality, and equates intellectual disa-bility with being...  And it's, and it's, s-spot, I need a spotter, spot me, somebody spot me bro!  McKinsey, you got consent forms? Rise and shine guys. If you scored last night, I'll need your consent forms.  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you-whoa! Barker, did you perform cunnilingus? There's a different release form, bro. Nice. What, bro? Yeah? Naturally.  What the fuck is this bro? That's not true!! That little fucker, dude!  All I know is that I don't speak up for minorities so that I can crush pussy. PC people are under attack. That's what this is. No, Topher! It's not about puss, alright?! The fuck is wrong with you?! We're being labeled as meatheads who just wanna crush puss by an intolerant newspaper! Yeah. And like, if you're gonna belittle and make fun of PC people like that, then who's to say he won't do it to other marginalized groups like us? I mean, this kid could be the next Hitler. And if you guys could stop Hitler, what would you do? Nooo! I came to this town really thinking I could make a difference. I've been called a bigot towards persons with disabilities. I've been called...  Jimmy Valmer is off the school newspaper. I want you to take over. And I will be reviewing your paper to make sure nobody is ever attacked the way I was again. Jimmy almost made me lose confidence, but I know who I am. I know what I am! Yeah? Dude!  What the fuck, bro? Bro! What the fuck, bro?!  What the hell is going on, bro?! Bro, what the hell is going on, bro? Alright everyone, listen up. I don't know about you, but I for one am sick and tired of hate speech that serves to marginalize others.  An African-American flips a turtle over on its back. A transgender Filipino comes and sees the helpless turtle baking in the sun. What color is the Filipino's father?  You wouldn't believe me if I told you.  I don't know what they are, but they used me and others like me to try and change this planet. Huh, ain't that a peach? HEY LESLIE!  Alright everyone, listen up. I don't know about you, but I for one am sick and tired of all the hate speech and micro-aggressions against our species.  The bottom line is that the only thing that distinguishes those who want to kill us from those who don't is that we have the burning desire for social justice. We are at war, but the only way to win this war is to be as understanding, non-biased, and politically correct as possible. Oh, I was a  lesbian then. You see?? There! This is why it's happening! Everyone's preachin' openness and acceptance, and so now millions of goddamned immigrants are comin' over the border and nobody seems to care!  We should have put up a goddamned wall.  Okay children, let's take our seats. As you've probably noticed, our government has decided to let anyone who wants to, cross the border and screw up our country!  Alright, fine, in the orange shirt.   Seems like everyone's afraid to speak the truth around here! Well I'm throwin' my hat in and sayin' I'll figure this thing out! Now I might not understand politics, or immigration policies, or... the law. Or basic... ideological... concepts. But dammit I understand there there's a bunch of Canadians here and I'm gonna do somethin' about it!  Yeah, and I'm Dan Rather, and I got news for you! Nobody wants you here!  Sorry not sorry! It's time for someone to say it like it is, and make our country great again! And I'm also not afraid to stand up to PC Principal! You, sir, have a pizza face and you suck your mom's dick! Oh, see? And now I'm fired! That's the cold, hard truth of immigration! Well there's only one immigration policy that I believe in, and that's fuck 'em all to death!  Yes. Fuck them all to death. Let'a make this country great again.  I'm suggesting we round them all up, pull down their pants, and fuck them until their spirits leave their bodies! And then, after we've fucked every last one of 'em to death, we build a big wall! And if anyone comes over the wall, we fuck them to death too! And then we fuck to death all the- What do you mean they built a wall?! They can't build a fucking wall! Oh, fuck them to death! What the hell is this?! Look, we came to speak with your government about that We're Americans! We don't even want to be over there! What do you think we're gonna do? All right, smartass! That's just about enough-  Cool shit like what? No! What's back there? Let me see! No! Goddammit, let me see! No, fuck them and fuck you!  I wanna see if they have really cool shit back there! No!  and you've got vinegary balls! The Canadians can't do this! Don't they realize that hundreds of thousands of their people are over here illegally? And you keep your goddamned mouth shut, smart-ass! I'll deal with you!  Okay that's, that's good. Watch the balls. Okay, all right, give me the helmet.  You know what I am, friends? I'm a doer. Canada says we can't go into their country, I'm going into their country! And when I do, I am fucking every last Canadian... so hard!  Hello?  Hey! Where is everyone, guy?  Jeez. I came here to find out where my country gone! No, where my country gone, bitch?! Nobody talks to me like that, fwiend!  Eurgh! Yeah? Little asshole! You think you can-?  Friends. I think I've proven that my policies work to get things done. I know what my true calling is, and I'm gonna keep this goin' all the way to Washington. All right, my friends. I have to say goodbye now, because I'm off to Washington with my running mate!  Principal Victoria, if everything you've said is true, then, why doesn't anyone know about it? I'm just havin' a hard time swallowing all this. And between me and this one over here, we can swallow just about anything. If they wanna mess with my town, I'll fuck every last one of them! Let's do this! Oh, that, that's where you draw the line, huh Caitlyn? No, you're right, that's nuts! A woman wearing a mustache, that's just ridiculous, huh Cait? No no, please, Cait, don't put on a fake mustache, that's c-razy.  You don't want people thinking you're a weirdo, I mean, Jeez. What the hell is this? What have they done to my town? Since when do we have a flippin' Whole Foods?!  Gay rights? Jeez, you've already got all those. What the hell do you wanna do now?  What the Sam Hell is goin' on! Take a look at this. I don't care if they're aliens or vampires, we need to round them up fast and fuck them till they're dead. Oh girlfriend, I'm well beyond that.  That's why we thought PC Principal was behind it. But now we know they were just using his PC abilities to service their own needs. Kyle? Yeah! Everyone just stay where you are! Officer Barbrady? Oh, Jeez, are you serious?! How am I supposed to fuck an ad to death?! If we're gonna defeat our enemies, that's what it's gonna take! All of us, together!  No, he got brainwashed by a cult. What??  Did you guys hear? Cartman got four days' detention, for calling Heidi Turner "clitty litter"! But the thing is, Eric isn't even fightin' it. It's like he's all sad and scared. Yeah, what? Well what would Tom Brady say if he got caught shoplifting. Yeah! Well ohhh-kay!  What do we do now?  Oh no! I'm here, Eric. Yes Eric. Well they're fine. Everyone's just kind of keepin' their mouths shut. It's kinda nice.  So the PC guys are leavin' people alone. Well, except for... Well, well now they've made Kyle their main target. Eric, what are you doing? Oh, but I thought you agreed with them. Well ohhh-kay! Well they're all eatin' together and praying. A-and they're puttin' syrup on their Mac & Cheese!  Uhn-un. Yeah, sorry. I can't listen to another one either.  What made Mr. Garrison do that? You really think Kyle would do that? Lion King II? No, no. Not it! Oh. OH SHIT! She's not hot! She looks like a messed-up cucumber with wieners on it! Alanis Morissette is like 80 years old or something!  Jeez! Well I don't want a Canadian girlfriend, Eric! No! The one in the white shoes isn't that ugly. Okay!  Hi, my name's Butters, what's yours. Oh Charlotte, I've never done this before. You think Scar's up there? He wasn't my father, but he's still part of me. Oh no, Simba, we have barely begun. We'll run away together and ... and...? Here you go. What's "sore-y"? Oh. Heh, he-hey, heh that's neato.  What do you want?! No, we saw a movie and now we're goin' to the park. If I'm gonna be with this girl, I don't want her someday thinking it was all super-rushed! Yeah, just some work-related stuff.  Oh boy, yes I'd love to, here we go, oh God. Well uh, well yes, sir. W-wait, you don't wanna be here? Wuh well, you know, 'cause everything is great here, and we have cool stuff. But- so- then, why did you leave? Jeez, how bad can a president be? You don't got to be sore-y. It's me who should be sore-y. I think everyone has the wrong idea about your people, Charlotte. I wasn't supposed to have time. I was supposed to give you a Hot Cosby, so our species could coexist. But now I realize you guys don't even wanna be here. There's really nowhere I'd rather be.  If it's okay with you, well I'd like to try a nice Slow Cosby instead. So do we. Charlotte! Ah, I should have done the Hot Cosby. Well do you think it's true? Do you think we're really bigoted country bumpkins? Did you get 'em? Did you get 'em? Did you get 'em? Huh? Whoooaaa.  How do you do it, Eric? Jeeeeezzz.  Well aren't you eatin' lunch, Eric? Wow! Well you're pretty important, Eric.  Oh, hey Eric. Oh I'm sorry, bud. Well Eric, you should be proud that people wanna be like you. Ha ah, I mean, you really started something. Well if these people look up to you, maybe, maybe you can sort of, set the record straight and show them the way it's supposed to be done. Do I gotta? Well, if I get detention, uh, I'll get grounded.  Eric, hold up. Yeah. Yeah, right here.  I just finished this morning. Yeah. And the people commenting on your Yelp page starts here.  It's a pretty brutal job sifting through all that darkness. But, PC Principal, I really don't have time. Yes sir... Yech. Oh God that's terrible. Jesus. Whoa my God. Wugh.  Yeah! Well, I'm sorry, Eric. I, I guess it slipped through the cracks. I'm overloaded with all the new people. Well, I've got Demi Lovato  to take care of now, and Lena Dunham just put a picture of her asshole on Twitter, and wants only the positive comments. Okay, Eric.   Do I have to, sir? PC Principal, ah, I don't think you quite realize how much negative stuff I have to sift through. Vin Diesel too??  Uh, delete! "You aren't fat, but my dick is-" Whoa, God. GAAAHHH! What?  I don't know you, sir!  The man! The man the man the man the man!  Do you see the man?! Well, he's gonna get me!  The world is darkness! The man is coming! Aaaaa! Aaaaa!  The man is gonna get me if I don't stop!  Are you sure this is a good idea? Well, but then why would Asian girls draw them like that? Yeah! Over this way!  Hey Eric, you wanna try sparring with me? OOF. Ow. Ahem. We're just cool 'cause we're tough, and we fight and stuff, and we can ah-. Yeah? Uh I thought you said it first. Whoa, cool! Why, this is the greatest thing ever you guys!   Fellas! We found out what happened to Jimmy! He got to go on a vacation for being an exemplary student. What about Jimmy's? What are you doing now? Wow that looks fun!  Wow, what kind of ice cream is that? So Clyde said to Tolkien, "Why don't you open a bank account with your mouth so I can deposit my dick in it?"  Well Tolkien was all like- We got distracted. We've gotta get back to that computer!  We're tryin' on shoes and eatin' chicken nuggets, stupid. What do you think? Yeah. Nothin'. Wuh huh, that's a good point.  Yeah, everybody's pretty freaked out over here, baby. Everyone is on edge and feelin' really nervous. I will, honey. Heh,  Kyle's got a girlfriend? Guns? I already feel a lot safer.  Yeah. Ohhhh I hate-a Mongorians! I don't know what happen all my customers. I used to have a-people come in here, fill every table. Now it's like a-nobody want anything to do with my authentic shitty food. This town is changing so fast, you know?  This town is changing so fast, everybody wan be PC, be updated. It's like I'm a reric. A rost reric from another time. You know? I dunno, sometime I feel like I outstayed my welcome. Is just how I feel, you know? It's like a-my accent make people uncomftable or something. How a Chinese man is supposed to survive in this world?  Oh, welcome oh Shitty Wok, a take ur order prease? SoDoSoPa? What the hell is a SoDoSoPa? What the fuuuck! And we are going to take a-business back from a-SoDoSoPa!  Some say I cannot survive in today's world. But if there's one asset that a Chinese man has, it's the tactical use of a child rabor. And together, child rabor force, we are gong to bring a SoDoSoPa to its knees.  Oh! Here they come! There they go.  Hey, that's okay. We close. All the other child labor go home. I like you, Dennis. You work a real hard.  But I think I'm gonna have to shut down. Now that a SoDoSoPa open, I'm the shitty part of town. And everyone hates the shitty part of town. Oh, what do you know about living in the shitty part of town, Dennis? You have idea? Oh! That's the spirit! Let's go child rabor!  There's a new and exciting prace where people can gather to shop, experience and grow. This is an all-new food and nightrife district. This, is CtPaTown. Where else but CtPaTown can you get all the shitty hot spots and shitty food that South Park is known for? In the mood for some local seafood? Red Robster has all the freshest from Colorado's many oceans. Or if a handcrafted ale is more your thing, head on down to Skeeter's Bar for local ales like a Coors and a Coors Rite. And then, of course, there's Shitty Wok, South Park's historic Asian fusion randmark, featuring Shitty Chicken and Shitty Sour Soup. The state-of-the-art toiret is designed for men and women  and is a great prace for you to squeeze out all the shitty food you've enjoyed. Now South Park has another neighborhood to mingle and rerax. CtPaTown. Welcome Home. Oh boy, get ready child rabor force! Any minute now, we gonna have a-customers up our ass! Oh boy, here they come!  Fight, child rabor force! Swing to the reft! Wait wait, anybody want a Shitty Chicken?? Anybody?? Take ur order prease???  I'm sorry, Dennis. You rearry tried to help. I guess it's over. Come on inside. I'll pay you the child labor wage you deserve. O-okay, Here you are sir! There's orange-peel chicken, some uh shity beef, and uh shitty egg roll! Oh no! No 1 star, prease! You Uelpers are kriwing me! Okay, you no pay! You no pay, prease! Yes yes. I get the fuck out. Thank you!  It's oba! It's oba!   Man, I guess things are going to be different around here. But, this isn't you, Cartman. Right! And what does Tom Brady do after breaking the rules? Yeah! Cartman? Yeah. Dude, what happened? Hang on.  Dad, did you draw dicks on my friend's face? That's my best friend, Dad! Stop shaming him because you want to fit in!  Look, Kyle, maybe you should just say Caitlyn Jenner is a hero. Her. So I guess PC Principal is here to stay, huh? What are they doing now?  You did kind of go overboard, dude. It's just... I know you like giving speeches and stuff, but not everything is black and white.  Dude, the Canadians are pissed off. That doesn't matter. We have to think of a way to smooth this over, fast. Unbelievable!  So not cool. How does someone just rip on us like that? I just hope somebody finds a way to fix this. Stop it. Dude, Butters!  I just don't get it. I mean, Tweek and Craig aren't gay. Right? And if it can happen to Tweek and Craig... could it happen to any of us? I'm confused, Dad. There was this thing at school. I just don't understand how it's decided. No, I mean, like, what makes the Asians decide who they're gonna make gay? So you've heard of yaoi? And so my dad talked to me about it. And my dad said that Asians have always done this, and they, like, do make people gay. But why? Who? You and Kenny built all this? Then why'd you say it was gay before? I'm Stan. What? How's they found out who we were? Cool. Thanks, dude. That's Clyde. What shall we do with him?  Cool. Don't.  Again? Aaah, he's in charge of the school paper.  You gonna break his legs, PC Principal? No, I don't.  Dude, Kyle. Will you look at this?  It doesn't make any sense, dude. PC Principal is using the school paper to cover something up. You don't wanna get involved? Dude, what's wrong with you? What's that supposed to mean? That is not what happened! Something is very wrong here! We all have to stand up to PC Principal together! You have quotes in here from Jimmy. Did you talk to him?  I think it was Vermont. That's an ad for skiing in Vermont. Just click out of it. That's a pretty sweet-looking guitar. Oh that's sweet. Send me the link to that so I can-  Oh dude that new Frankenstein movie is out. I totally wanna see that. Hit the arrow, I wanna see where it's playing. Wait wait wait wait wait whoa, whoa. What the hell are we doing? But what about Jimmy? We were all like totally trying to find out what happened to him. Wait wait wait wait whoa whoa. What the hell are we doing? No. That's not what we set out to do. No, we didn't. Yeah, like one of us is purposefully trying to keep us from digging too deep because they're afraid. Why are you looking at me? Think about it, you guys. From the moment that PC Principal took over Kyle has been different. Haven't you noticed? He's distracting us, either because he's too afraid or because he-  Kyle, I think it's pretty obvious you don't want us investigating PC Principal. I don't know. My dad's stupid, not a bitch! This is about you being scared, Kyle! Don't you dare call me a Cartman! Fuck you, Kyle!  Alright Kyle, what's this about? How do you know all this? Kyle!  What? Dad, where were you last night? Work on what? Principal Victoria?  Mr. Garrison? Caitlyn Jenner? Tell me what's going on, Dad?  No! I wanna know what the hell is going on right now! Kyle said I couldn't trust you! What are you planning, Dad? Then what is it?! I'm gonna go tell Mom!  Mom! Because you wouldn't talk to me, Dad!  She doesn't always take my side! We all need to be better to each other!   We just wanna know what's going on with you. Wait... That's Leslie.  Oh my God... It's Kyle. Kyle has been protecting Leslie. They're together. He's been making everyone feel paranoid and saying you're the enemy, Dad. Yeah! Fuck you, Kyle! You're the enemy! So now we know who got Principal Victoria fired! This is going to be really hard. You know what? I think it's good. Let's face it: this is long overdue. Good! He should be sad and scared! These things do matter and I already feel better to be at a school where we can start to have a dialogue and talk about this stuff. Uhhh, hey Cartman. Uhwaht's goin' on? Aren't you going to ah, you know, go do something about this new principal? Yeah, where is the Eric Cartman we know? The Eric Cartman we know breaks the rules. And he gets away with it. Just like his hero! Come on, who's your hero, Cartman?!  You're Tom Brady, Cartman! And that new principal in there is the football commissioner trying to dictate his punishment to you. And what happens when an invulnerable cheater comes up against an elitist corporate dictator? Cool. I think we did it.  Dude, if we all tell the police what the principal did, he'll be fired! Why? No, you're a bigot. I'm not going to apologize for saying Caitlyn Jenner isn't a hero! In fact, personally, I think she's most likely not a very good person!  Come on, fat-ass. So you're never gonna call me a dirty Jew again? Oh fuck you.  AAAAHH! What the fuck, dude?! What the fuck?!  Will you please tell your dad to leave me alone?  I didn't even say she wasn't a hero! I just said she isn't a hero to me! I didn't like Bruce Jenner as a person when he was on the Kardashians, and I don't suddenly like him now! HER, yes! Enough! Stop! Everyone STOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHP!  It just seems to me like we all lost in this, and that the only person who won was you.  I'm sitting right here. You really think just my speech brought on a wave of illegal immigration?!  What?! I didn't even want to give that speech! Uh I'm not responsible for this! Illegal immigration has been happening forever. You guys, immigrants, either legal or illegal, are always gonna find ways to cross into richer countries if they're not living- Oh, come on, this is stupid. You guys, when two groups of people don't understand each other you can't just try and diffuse the tension with a little-  I can't believe Jimmy Fallon hates us. Jimmy Fallon loves everything. Why would he slam our whole town? Shhhh. So the cafeteria's back that way, and most of the classrooms are this way, down the-. Davíd is new to our school. Shut up. It's not supposed to have water you-! Are you joking?! He's not important. At. All. Ah,  don't, dude, dude- Don't.  You haven't heard? Nobody gives a fuck what Yelp reviewers think anymore. HA!'' [walks off as well; confidently]'' We all... loved... Whistlin' Willy's! Nobody went for the fucking food!  David! Dude, wait!  Dude, you don't wanna do this. You don't know what Cartman's capable of. But this isn't Mexico. Alright, you've got your army! You've got your followers! If you're such a great leader, then just tell the city what you want, fat-ass!  Every person here thinks this is about them. Yeah. Me too. Okay, bring in the next one. Uh huh. Yeah probably. Wait, what? You want me to run Cartman's Twitter and Yelp account and only give him the good comments? No. If he doesn't like what people say on Twitter, he can get off.   Give me... give me detention. Yeah, I'll take the detention. There's more than two people on the Internet.  Dude, Butters, you're seeing things! Sifting through all the horrible stuff people say on the Internet is making you lose it! Butters, listen to my voice. Then stop, dude! Butters, all this isn't worth it. Just. Take, the detention, dude.  No. We would know. Yeah? What? No, dude, I looked it up. Yaoi is just an art style for girls by girls because they like fictionalizing two guys in a relationship. I don't know. But the point is, there's nothing about it that means Tweek and Craig are actually gay, at all. What? You're lying. How is that gay? You're talking to Kyle right now. You're the one who said ninjas were gay. Why do you wanna make this a problem? I'm right here.  Nobody ever gave a shit, you fat pig! Oh shit! Oh Jesus, now what? Was what me, sir? What? Knock it off! Go get my pen, fatass Go get my pen! Goddammit!  Where's PC Principal? What are you talking about? "Principal Sends Two Favorite Students On A Disney Cruise. This week, students Jimmy Valmer and Leslie Meyers are being treated to an all-expenses-paid vacation for their outstanding school-" what the hell is this? Yeah I... Ah I don't wanna get involved. I've already learned you can't win against PC Principal. You should know of all people since he converted your dad. Who told you that the principal sent Jimmy on a Disney Cruise? There. Leslie's Instagram and her Twitter. Last entry was ten days ago. Jimmy never used that stuff, remember? He said he hated using the Internet. I'm just looking for any news articles or anything about PC Principal.  Where did you say PC Principal was from? Maybe there's something from the news in Vermont that could give us a clue about-  Goddammit what the hell is this? Dude. Dude, look at this. "How PC Culture is changing Vermont from a state of intolerance to a s-"  Dude there it is again! It's that goddamned guitar! This ad is fucking following me! I'm trying! Goddammit get over here!  It is pretty cool dude, it tunes itself. It's this company that does all kinds of hi-tech instruments. See look, I'll show you.  So then what'd Tolkien say? Whoa, what the hell just happened? We were... We were on Cartman's computer looking up news stories about PC Principal. It's like... someone's trying to... distract us.  Because they're worried what we'll uncover about PC people. Why are you looking at me? Well what are you guys talking about? What?! And why do you think that, Stan?! Because if anyone has a reason for us not mess with PC Principal, it's you! Let's not forget that Stan's dad is PC Principal's little bitch! It is you, isn't it?! That's why you're trying to shift the blame on me. That's very Cartman of you, Stan! N-ho, that's good! Just keep on distracting everybody! It seems to be working, Cartman! Leslie. How do you know thi-? 2692  Butters.  Jimmy's dead. I know the whole story. PC Principal killed him, and tried to kill Leslie, but she got away. PC Principal is part of a huge network of radicals who kill everyone who doesn't follow their PC ideology. Because Leslie's with me. I'm keeping her safe. It gets worse. Someone in this town helped these people come here. That person faked the Bill Cosby joke to get Principal Victoria fired. I think it's obvious. Stan's dad. Stan, your dad is one of them. He had to be the one to let them in. There's no way to know who we can trust. There's only one thing we can do.  We have to get guns. It's the only way for us to be safe. You guys lay low and watch your backs. I'm gonna go keep Leslie protected. Are you okay? Here.  Don't worry, Leslie. I won't let anything happen to you.  Leslie, we don't know who is on their side. We have to stay safe. I...  gave up giving speeches. I'm sure I'd have no problem giving a speech if you could be by my side. Not if we go somewhere that's completely safe from any violence. The gun show. There'll be so many guns that nothing bad can happen.  You son of a bitch Stan! How could you have sided with the enemy?! Jimmy? You told me Jimmy was dead. (Really?) (Well fuck you, dude!) (Hey Dad, there's these fucking people outside.)  (I just wanna make sure I get the floors as clean as I can.) (Yeah. I know what you mean.)  (Hey, I have an idea.) (I actually do!) (What. The. Fuck?!)  (Come on, dude, I've gotta make some money!)   What? (Are you fuckin' serious, dude?) (Now we need to steal a car and escape.) Uhm, hi, I'm Gerald, Kyle Broflovski's father.  Wull, what's this about, Kyle? Wh-wh-what did he say? PC Principal, I, I'm sure Kyle was just referring to Bruce Jenner as a person, and not trying to say anything against- No... Look, maybe we can all just ta- Kyle's already got two weeks of detention. Just 'cause he said something about Caitlyn Jenner.  Well what the hell were you guys talki- Mornin' Randy! Yeah. Look at all the new restaurants the Whole Foods has brought in.   I just... told him who I am.  I'm a yelp reviewer. I usually keep it on the down-low so they don't kiss my ass too much. Thanks, uh, did they mention to you that I am a Yelper? Greeeat. Could you have them turn up the lights a little, please?  Sorry honey, this review for Applebee's has turned into a fifty-pager. And then I have a polish on Ruby Tuesday's.  I am, overwhelmed. Sometimes I don't know what I've gotten myself into. But now everyone relies on my Yelp reviews and I... I don't wanna let anyone down. Thanks, but I, I've gotta Yelp a new place in CtPaTown tonight.  God I'm so damned tired. Ha, "fun," she says.  Yes. Well, good for you. Whoa! Hey!   Huh. Oh thanks. This way, everyone!  I can't, honey. I'm now the leader of thousands of people. They all hang on my every word. And I'm going to use my power to finally get what this town really needs.  Don't call me fat, son! I'm doing this because they've- Now here I stand, vulnerable, afraid, and yet willing to do what the people of this- Thank you, Mayor. It's a big responsibility, but I suppose I have to accept. I will do my best to serve this town. Oh, hey, Thomas! Hey, we heard about Craig. We think it's just terrific. Well the way I heard it was that the girl in the school wasn't even doing anything. Just talking too loud. And someone ends up getting shot.  Mayor, what are you going to do about this? My wife and I can barely eat or shop. Why would kids in our town wanna be a part of that? Jeez, this is so embarrassing. We just feel like this is actual news, and instead of clicking on links, we're reading stories. Maybe we should have realized that sometimes the counselor needs counseling.  I mean, who the hell does this guy think he is? Some college kid's gonna come in and tell us our ways are old? Yup, that's right. Can I speak with PC Principal please? Hey what?   Yeah!  Wooo-ooo! I've joined a social awareness group. It's a coalition that discourages the use of ... words that have negative or offensive connotations... to grant respect to people who are victims of unfair stereotypes. We've been getting away with horrible things, Sharon. Having- laughs at less privileged people and thinking it was harmless. Our group is... trying to be a civilizing influence... where we discuss and have meetings to better define and reinforce tolerance and acceptance  of all groups of people. Uhhhh... They serve refreshments, yes. I'm sorry, I don't know what that is. You want me to shame Brett Favre?  Did I check his privilege? Yes. I had some refreshments and I checked your friend's privilege. Stan, straight white males in a capitalistic society have little- understanding of victimization compared to injustices against the underprivileged. Dicks on your face is a very first-world problem.  <poem><i>Woowoo!</i></poem> Ow, hot. Hot hot, hothohhht.  Ahhh. So I'm PC now? Oh wow. Oakleys!     It would instantly validate us as a town that cares about stuff. And why not?! Huh?! We all just don't believe we could get a Whole Foods! Because we don't believe in ourselves! Mayor? Lots of cities are dong this. The area south of Downtown South Park has always been the ugly eyesore of this town. But now, SoDoSoPa... is going to bring in the fresh new vibrancy that Whole Foods can't ignore. Oh, this is really exciting. I thought this area was just gonna stay shitty forever.  We're gentrifying. It's all good. Okay, hold on, everyone listen up! We understand that not everyone is for the town spending money on the SoDoSoPa project. We want everyone to be able to voice their concerns.  Stuart, come on. Your house sucks. My house is nice. It's like a dream come true, Nelson. This area is gonna put our town on the map.  Hi, um, yes, my name is Randy Marsh, and um, we would like to try and get a Whole Foods in our town? ... Yes, that's right. Aaah, yes, it's ah, South Park, Colorado. Nonononono! Nononononono!  Oh, hello again. Stephen and I were just heading to SoDoSoPa to enjoy some specialty foods.  Uh, well, tonight, you're at our Motel 6. But, we'd like to show you the plans for something extremely exciting. Oh Jesus! We forgot all about that guy! God, why do the economically challenged always have to screw up everything?!  Come on, we'll get that asshole! Alright, take these kids and hide them in the- Ow! You little-!  Mornin' Ger! Just another day in paradise, huh? Hi. Two of us. please? Whoa, what'd you say to him? Who are you?  Alright.  Oh, uh, no, that, that's okay.  I'm, I'm good.  Not today, thank you.  Oh, come on. Look, I give money to charity a lot, okay? I do. I just don't want to every time I shop for food.  Look, if I give money every time I went grocery-shopping, I would be-!  Dick! Oh no, my, my fault. This is where I come for lunch every day. Gotta eat healthy to stay fit.  Great.  Uh, listen, before you ring me up, I just wanna let you know I'm not gonna be giving extra money to charity, so can we, can we just skip that part? Yeah, thanks.  No. I said no, before. This is not streamlined!  I can't. Dammit! The sandwich isn't coming out. I was having a nice day!  Yes. Yes, I would like to give a dollar. Yes, I will. This is a place where hope is scarce. These people are hungry. Little Jojo here might not eat today. But does that mean it's okay for cashiers to ask us for money while we're in the checkout line? It isn't right, and it isn't fair. Just $2 a day adds up to 62 goddamned dollars a month if you go to Whole Foods as much as I do. Nobody should have to feel the shame, the humiliation, of being asked to add money onto their grocery bill. Help now. Let's make grocery stores a #SAFESPACE for all. Together, we can make a difference. <poem><i>You might call me a pussy, but I won't hear you in my safe spaaaace.</i></poem> <poem><i>My safe spaaaace.</i></poem>  And this is Vin Diesel. It'd be... a really bad idea for you to charity-shame me today. These guys are here to protect my safe space.  But it doesn't stop there. People also can be shamed for other traits viewed as negative. Mike here was shamed for not being a good recycler. Let's work together to create a completely shameless America. Yeah, um, I'm a little tired because I'm actually hosting a huge fundraiser for my charity organization  that I'm sort of the head of. Yeah, we're gonna raise a lot of money. Celebrities are coming. Demi Lovato is givin' a hundred thousand for the event. I just thought, you know, a fundraiser dinner was sort of the appropriate place to ask for donations.  ...What? Did you not hear anything I said? I'm - I'm doin' all this stuff. Actually, my big fundraising gala is helping put hamsters through college too. You're welcome.  Alright everyone, thanks for coming to help raise money to stop shaming, and put hamsters through college. And now, a woman who knows about shaming firsthand, supermodel Gigi Hadid. What? Reality? Who let him in? Shit!  Alright buddy, let's go. Seagal?!  Listen, everybody.  I think there's a way to try and make this right for everyone. To date, Shameless America has raised over $40,000. With that money, we are putting more and more iPads into these people's hands.  We won't rest until America is completely shameless. The world can be brutal, but Shameless America is going to continue to take steps to make sure everyone has a safe space... forever. Uh huh.  For what? What? Wow. Our town has only had a Whole Foods for three weeks and we already have our first gay kids. So cool.  Hey, bud. How's it hangin'?  Well, guess what? You've got a really progressive PC dad who knows all about this stuff, okay? Go ahead, ask me anything. Ah, well, you see, it's a combination of genetic, hormonal, and environmental influences.  Uh are y-, yeah, yeah they do. Uh, the Asians just, you know, the Asians pick who they pick, and um, it's al- it's, the way it's always been.  Yeah, of course. Yaoi, anal intercourse, Maui Zaui, I, I know all this stuff, Stan.  Uh, hi, Mr. Jinping. Thanks for taking my call, I was... just wondering if you could shed some light on how your people decide who will be gay and who will be straight.  I'm sorry, I-I don't speak Asian, but... um, oh uh, oh, y-yao, yaoi. Yaoi, yes? Boizu rabu. Huh, how does that work? Oh, it's Japan that decides?  Aaaa-a-ah, Japan. Of course, is who does the yaoi to make people gay. Uh huh, yes, that of course I do already know about homosexuality. Hey, hey, whoa, you didn't do anything. Yeah, let me handle thisk guys, I'm PC. Look, Thomas, you need to understand that being gay isn't a decision. You know, a lot of people think that Asians decide who's gay and who's not. But it isn't all Asians, it's just specifically the Japanese, okay?  Well, it all goes back to World War II, and atrocities that happened in China called the Rape of Don King. Yes I do. Really? I'll bet you don't even know what "farm to table" means.   Ew.  No I don't I'm sorry thank you Goddammit ew.  Mayor, I didn't bust my ass to gentrify this part of town to have it overrun with homeless people! What? Okay, we've just gotta be really apologetic and tell them we didn't mean it, okay? Alright, look. There's homeless people all over our gentrified food and arts district. If you don't stop thewe twisted kids, then-  Officer Barbrady. Hey buddy.  We need you to shoot some kids.  Shh! Shhh! Shhhh! These are really bad kids. Terrorists. This is totally different from before. You're the only cop this town needs, Barbrady. Go shoot those kids. Okay, okay Dad, it's not organic chicken. I'm not comfortable shopping at Whole Foods with all the homeless people there. But don't worry. That's all about to change. Soon we'll all have CtPaTown to enjoy again. Where's Stan? Ninjas? That's gay.  He's playing ninjas at Kenny's house? You mean, SoDoSoPa?  ...scary... gay... Scary. Gay. Scary gay scary gay. Scary gay scary gay scary GAY.   Oh, he's gonna lay this on us now. I said kill some kids, but I said it as a question, remember? I said "Kill some kids?" Thank you, officers. Oooo, brutal celebrity mugshots.  O-hoh it got me. Ad got me, Sharon. What? Sh-sharon, most of the guys in my PC club are right out of college, alright? You know how college kids are. Who wrote this?  I don't cheat on you, Sharon! I'm happy. Look at what's happened to our town. We have ShiTpaTown, boutique restaurants and artisan shops. We have a fucking Whole Foods, and that was all me! Diverse people are moving here, and everyone is being aware of how they talk. This is paradise, Sharon! He or she is an agenderphobic microagressions, Sharon. You are a bigot.  So, um, ahem, South Park kind of sucks now. You guys wanna bail?  It's just, you know, it used to be nice and laid-back here, but now it's all  Uuuuhhh, you know? Like like now everybody's all Uuhh-uuhhh. Let's bail. You wanna bail, Stan? Nothing! I just... You know, we don't have to live here, we can live anywhere.  All these fancy new restaurants and shops and  everyone wants to live here! A bowl of City beef costs ten bucks now, for Christ's sake. And there's nowhere to shop but stupid Whole Foods! I had to take out a second mortgage on the house.  I had to, Sharon! It isn't my fault! It's the Man. Don't you see? The Man... is pricing us out of our own town. Don't you get it? That's just what they want. Nobody cares about the people who lived here before. They want us to move, 'cause they wanna knock our houses down and build more lofts and villas!  Oooff! Hey, it's Caitlyn Jenner!  Principal Victoria?  One of what? Hey, fuck you.  Garrison? The hell is wrong with you?! I don't know what you're talking about.  All right, it was kind of my idea. What? To take one area of town that was rappy and gentrify it for the local people to enjoy? I thought we could keep it contained. Oh my God. What does it mean? Not me. If PC Principal has been using us, I'll take the bastard down myself.  Whoa whoa whoa, guys, whoa! We can't just go walking in there. This is a safe space. We're not allowed past this. When you breach a college safe space, you're crossing the most sacred human boundary there is. Nonononono, look, this is very real, and very important in PC culture. Every human has a right to a safe space and it cannot be entered. Wow, how did you-?  Whoa. It doesn't make sense. Someone's always here. Click on that. What is that? Whoa, whoawhoawhoa wait wait wait. What, what were we doing again? What? Why wouldn't I be able to pass the garlic bread?  What, wait. Where was I what? Out, with friends, doing things.  On stuff to do, things.  Um, oh I'm gonna take some of this with me. I'm still hungry. Jee-sus! What? Am I on trial or something? God-damn!  Alright, we're good. Nobody suspects a thing. '' Not human? Then what? Oh my God. Don't you see what this means? If something not human is gentrifying the entire world, soon no human will be able to afford it. They're trying to price our species out of existence. There has to be something. Some clue as to what we're dealing with. That sounds like vampires to me. Stan, what the hell are you doing in here? Nothing. We're just hanging out, talking about Coldplay, alright? What are you doing with that? Stan, it isn't what you think. Look, I need to show you something, okay? You need to see this, son.  Ohh! Psych! Now put the fucking gun down, bitch! Oh yeah? You go tell her! I'll tell her you had a gun! You'll be in more trouble than me!  Stan! I am your dad. Put the gun down and sit over there. Shit!  I'm warning you: you're on the wrong side of this! We're just trying to get answers! He pulled one on me first, Sharon!  Stanley, let your mother and I deal with this!  Whoa! Whoa, Shelly! Put down the gun, Shelly! Shelly, put it down, now! I want to, Shelly! I just sometimes feel like you hate me!   Alright. I'll tell you everything.  Yes. They wanted to use his PC as a means to start gentrification in our town. When the pussy-crusher story came out in Super School News, it started to make PC Principal question himself. He started digging for answers. They didn't like that, so they tried to distract and mislead him. With this.   Well then, it's time to go ask Kyle why he sold out his own kind. We're going to kill him with kindness. But instead of kindness we're going to use guns. Come on, let's go!  Shelly, you take care of Grandpa! Nonono, don't shoot Grandpa, just literally take care of him.  Nobody move!  Listen to me, everyone! There are beings who are purposely gentrifying the Earth so that humans can no longer afford it! We've been looking for Kyle Broflovski! Somebody's hiding him!  Classi? An ad? Woah, flippin' ads! They're such a pain in the ass! Mackey? We all could be better people! All of us! We all played a part! If only we'd had these before, huh? Well, I guess there's just one last thing to take care of. Why did it have to be like this?! Why couldn't we try to live on this planet together?! Maybe we're not perfect beings, but we built a better town. We didn't need you to do that! And we'll keep on trying to make it better! Go on, get outta here! We know! Others will know!  Yeah. And, you can't bully our kids like that. Stunning. She is absolutely beautiful, and an inspiration. No no, we're totally fine with it. Who is?  Hey, what are you people doing?!  Yeah I got concerns! I don't want you touching my damn house! What lower-income residents?! Me?! I work hard and provide for my family just fine! Fuck you! If you people wanna turn somethin' into a vibrant arts district, then do it to Randy's house! We can't afford $10 ice cream, alright?! If you want nice things, then go out and get a JOB! Except you won't make MONEY!  Just face it: things are never gonna change around here. Shut your damn mouth, bitch!  Well? Did you make any money? Ha, told ya! That's how it works in this damned country.  Goddammit! You people all get out of here! 'Cause this is my fuckin' house! Yeah, we've got a bunch of drunk-addict vagrants trespassing on our yard and we need assistance. What are you talkin' about? There's homeless people here and they're scarin' my kids! You need to come do somethin' about this! Why does that matter? God Dammit!  They're not coming! Well that's just too bad! The cops won't come, so there's nobody to scare the homeless away! Huh for what?! Oh, Caitlyn Jenner. she's a hero. She is stunning and brave. No! Caitlyn Jenner is the bravest woman in America. What in the world is going on?? We couldn't get a Whole Foods to open here. No, nothing. And we we wanna try everything!  Butters! What are you doing?! Randy, Randy, we've got a problem. Reality's here. He's trying to crash the party. Thomas! I'm so glad that Craig is finally happy.   It's ISIS! They're these troubled kids who've turned their backs on America! They've taken over SoDoSoPa, forced all the homeless out! They're just bad kids! Rotten on the inside! Probably with shitty parents! I'm pretty sure the police will help out if it's because ISIS is taking over the town.  Officers, there's kids in town who have joined ISIS. We don't know who they are, but they-. That is not true! Who said that? Look, Barbrady, the fact is, the town needs you. Wow.  Linda! I had to get away from the ads. I felt like the ads were... evolving somehow. They started knowing what I liked. What I was afraid of. I tried ad blockers, but it seemed like every time I tried to block the ads, they just got smarter. I'm never going back from Super School News. I will. Maybe from now on people in this town need to communicate more! Care about each other! Yup! We've gotta be careful, Gerald. This is a college bar. No. Son, I've always tried to be a fair dad. Eh I I don't want to meh make you angry, but... why? Fun? But what do you... believe in? Somebody here have a problem with Caitlyn Jenner? No? 'Cause she's a stunning, beautiful woman, and if you wanna call her anything else I'm ready to fuckin' throw down! Sweet. You're PC bro? Sweet, bro. I'm PC UMass.  So, do we have a fuckin' problem here? Who the hell are you?! We should totally hang out. Fuckin' do it, dude! Weoo-weoo-weoo-weoo-weoo!  It? Did somebody just refer to Caitlyn Jenner as "it"? I'm PC, bro. I'll throw down! Yeah, Arizona State. Fuck yeah! Sweet, dude!  Nice, dude. You PC? Yeah, you wanna make fun of me?! Oh nice. We're all PC too. Dude, what is this, bro?! Weoo-eoowoo-eoowoo-oo!  Did someone here just say "America" in a way that "other-izes" and demeans the people of Latin and South America?! Yeah, Chino Hills.  You think Venezuelans aren't Americans, brah?! Yeah dude, Ohio State. We should all get a house together and unite our tolerant views. Fuck yeah! Yeah. I would have never thought to use offensive imagery and outrageous stereotypes to provoke someone to open their eyes. No way, bro! That's wack! Well, looks like thangs are gettin' all PC again.  Lasted about six years last time. We got at least  5.9 years to go. Well how long d'you think this will last? Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Oh yeah. We got another one, guys! And you! Fuck yeah, bro! PC bro!  Fuck, bro?!  All right. Bring him in, bro! I don't know, bro!  Hey guys, I'm Brad. I'm PC Arizona State. All the pledges take a shot!  Weoooh! Wooo! Yeah! Dude, let's go! Woowooo! Yeah! Wooohooo! Wooohooo! let's go! Yeah! <poem><i>Woowoo! We'll fight until you're PC black and blue!</i></poem> Woowoo! Yeah! Yeah! Fuck yeah! PC Woo! PC Bros, PC. Yeah! You got home pretty late last night. Six AM? You got in at Six and now you're missing work. Hm... And do they have booze at these meetings? Randy, you should have a talk with Stan. I guess something happened at school today involving two of Stan's friends,.. being gay? Yeah. Stan seems really perplexed. Go talk to him, Randy, and be delicate. He's playing ninjas over at Kenny's house. Yeah. Uh huh. Randy, what are you doing? Do you want to explain to me what pussy crushing is?! Your little meetings you go to at night to discuss social justice?!  It's just a way to pick up on young women?! I don't want you going over there anymore!  All I know is that you've changed. Every since you joined this PC thing you just bully people. And wait for people to say anything improper so you can jump down their throats for whatever words he or she used. What? What's going on, Randy? Last month, all you could talk about was how great this town had become. What changed your mind? We can't afford it?  Well, we'll just have to stop going to those places. You  what? Can you pass the garlic bread, Randy? I thought you just said you were full.  You pulled a gun on our son, Randy! I told you to leave him alone! I feel like you hate me, Randy! Someone purposely had Principal Victoria replaced with a new principal?  Randy?? Randy, you're yelling at a Whole Foods. Wooohoo! Yeah! Finally! Yes!  Uh, it's getting someone to acknowledge their own inherent privileges and reminding them to put them aside in order to better understand another human's plight.  And it's, it's part of a derogatory hate speech which fosters isolation and loneliness and being part of a voice to stop the R word is not only right, but extremely important! Yeah, I bet now we can get a lot more puss.  I may be down, but I'm not out. Tom Brady's never out! Fuck you, "I broke the rules"! YOU're breaking the rules! You broke the rules, how you found out I broke the rules! Fuck you, I'm Tom Brady! Fuck all the rules!  You broke the rules! Fuck you, you broke the rules! I'm the commissioner! I can break the rules 'cause you guys broke the rules before! I didn't bust you enough! Fuck both you guys! I can do whatever I want! I'm breakin' the rules! Fuck you, I'm the commissioner! I'll make up new rules! Fuck you guys, always fucking rules! Yeah, you broke the rules! Just because you didn't bust us enough for breakin' the rules, that doesn't mean you can break the rules bustin' us now! Fuck your rules! Weoo-weoo-weoo-weooh! <poem><i>I call woowoo on you!</i></poem> Sometimes victims of oppression are so marginalized that they begin to sympathize with their oppressors. I'd rip that dude apart and then go home and totally smash some puss, bro. Ohh! Ohh! Ohh!  Wooo. Oh look!  Now, last week we were all reminded that intolerance still exists in our country. It took a very special young student to light up social media, and we've invited him to the White House today to show our appreciation. Because never have there been more tolerant, more moving words than Kyle Broflovski's speech about his hero Caitlyn Jenner.  Come on up here, Kyle. But wait, there's still more,  Now Kyle, we've got another little surprise for you. We told you we were flying you back home, but the truth is, you're getting a ride back all the way with your hero! How do you like that?!  Well what are you gonna do? In today's world it's like you can't even say anything negative about illegal immigrants. Alright guy! Hey buddih! Hey buddih!  Hey, what's going on fwiend!  Hey, buddih! Another Moosehead, eh?  I just wanna say thank you Kyle for your beautiful words of support. Buckle up, buckaroo!  Buckle up, buckaroo!  Buckle up, buckaroos!   The Roman Empire, buddy, was facing ehh several issues, guy, as they reached the new millennium, friend, and rather-  It's 8am, guy. PC Principal, they got up in the middle of my lecture and started playing music! Thuh, they don't even speak English! What?! Ugh, so weird! Yeah, I mean, it's fine you wanna go preach about Caitlyn Jenner, but you can't just make blanket statements about letting anyone do whatever they want. You guys should come and check it out. It's pretty cool, dude. People are scared of us. Intruders!  What? There's just so many of them. Whattaya mean? Can you really blame them? A what? You assholes destroyed the best place in town because they wouldn't kiss your asses! We will defend our ninja honor!  Hey guys, did you come to see our ninja fortress? Yeah, with Clyde and David too.  It is a great honor to see that you all want to be ninjas. Joining our club is very serious. You must promise to uphold the warrior's code.  Together we must strive to make our fortress super bad-ass and keep all intruders out! To that end, let us proceed to our training. Wait, he said this was gay? You guys! You guys! Actual Ninjas. Wanna talk to us. Kenny and I both just got the same email from people overseas. All those in favor of Cartman being kicked out of our ninja club? We are the Hopewell and Abenaki, first settlers of Canadian soil-- Guy. We are French and British explorers, seeking furs and goods.  Yeah, it's kind of like when the princess of one country marries the prince of another. Dude, what the fuck? Uhh, excuse me, why are you doing this??  What? Well what did she say? Why are the Asian girls drawing pictures of us being gay? But we aren't! I'm not! But I'm not gay! No, you may not! Got a fuckin' problem, man?!  I told you to stay a hundred yards from me! Goddammit! Is Tweek home? No, thank you, I just want to see Tweek. Hey dude.  Tweek, calm down. We have to put a stop to this. Me too, dude! But there's something we can do. We have to come out and say we're gay. Wait. Wait! Because if we're gay, we can break up. And if we break up, no more pictures! We just have to stage a fake breakup in front of the Asian girls. You can do it, Tweek! You're capable of more than you think. You just follow my lead, and try and make it believable, okay? Hey, Tweek! Hold up. Listen, it's just not going to work.  I'm sorry, Tweek, but we can't lie to ourselves anymore.  Yes, we are gay, but we do not belong together. It's just that people are different. That's all. What? What are you, what are you talking about? Wait, uh, that's, that's not what happened. No.  Uh, look, we both know this is for the better. Wait, don't make me out to be the bad guy here.  You're going too far, dude. This is like, totally not necessary. This wasn't part of the plan! Dude, seriously? Seriously? What do you want? Dude, I'm not gay and neither are you! You think you can just pull that shit you pulled at school, saying I step on people and use them?! And I'll just take you back? Not that real! Now everyone thinks I'm a manipulative cheater! I'll never get any chicks! I can't be something because everyone wants me to be. I have to be myself. You'll just have to go be gay with someone else.  Not it! Support is growing for a Colorado man who claims the way to deal with illegal immigrants is to fuck them all to death. We go live to Minnesota. Another local business is closing its doors tonight after being taken down by Yelp reviewers. Whistlin' Willy's, a child favorite in town, was destroyed and its owner stripped and beheaded. The following video is graphic.  An elementary school newspaper is making big waves as more and more people say No to news on the Internet. The young editor of the paper claims that since most people now watch news reports on the Internet, they're easily distracted or even fooled by ads,  which are finding more and more clever ways to disguise them- Tom, the political activist is going around the country to get support for his agenda, and- Uh Mr. Garrison, you believe the immigration problem is easy to solve? And when you say "Fuck them all to death," what are you actually suggesting be done?  USA! Uh Dan? Dan? We're getting word that a wall has already been built.  Is that right? Yes? Yeah- CNN is confirming that Canada has built a wall to keep us out. Well, that's what an ad does. She was designed to entice, and manipulate. Jimmy, we're newsmen, like you. For decades we used our soft buttery voices to inform the people about what's happening. Then we watched as our entire industry was taken over by the ads.  Some of our colleagues were manipulated into doing the ads' bidding. The man who came to your house with a gun was one of them. Our own Kevin Jarvis has more. Thanks, Kevin. The only hope for the truth to get out there, Jimmy, is for you to see through this ad's deception and to find out what they're planning. Your Super School News was a threat to them. But unless you get this little bitch to talk, we may never know why. Jimmy, you're thinking with your dick. Yes you are. Put your dick away. Jim. Jimmy, that's your dick talking.  all ads lie. And all ads deceive. What the hell is that? How did an ad get in here? Let's go to David at the network hub. David, any word on the popup ad situation? Who is that reporter? Do we... know him? Thanks, Brian.  He's working for the ads, obviously. Sellout douche-bag. Thanks, Rick. Stay dry. Jimmy!  His dick is compromised.  Well then,  Officer Barbrady, we need you to shoot these kids. The ad has got to him.  There's no time to argue. Do you want to save your town?! Barbrady, shoot them in their heads! You're making the worst mistake of your life, officer. Dammit!  Hey there! Beautiful day, isn't it? Oh this? This is a wall. Sorry buddih, nobody allowed in. Yeah, no, sorry! Everything past here is ours. You can't, you can't go past, past here. Well, you know, we just don't want you ... raping our women and stuff. Look, there's just some really cool shit back here and we don't feel like sharing it. Don't worry aboot it. Oh, you guys didn't put up a wall? Can they do that?  It's all right, Garrison. Aww, he's dead. Alright, Mrs. Farnicle, enjoy, and remember: if the safety's on, you're good as gone.  Hah, going for the big one, huh? You must be feeling extra jumpy.  Well, this thing should make you feel more at ease. You know, you ought-ta check out the gun show.  Yeah, it's gonna have everything! And with guns bein' so popular, practically everyone in town is gonna be in attendance! That is ridiculous!  I'm Charlotte.  Thanks, Butters. I'm sore-y I didn't know what ice cream was. Well that's what Canadians say to express remorse. Everything all right? So hey, I wanted to see if you wanted to come over to my house for dinner tomorrow. Ey, daddy! Why would we want to be here? I'm sore-y about my papa. He can be really emotional sometimes. It's okay. We just have to give them time. Oh.. so do you want to be here? Now? In Canada, we call a Slow Cosby ... love.  Oh look! ''[a meteorite zooms across the sky] ''A shooting star! In Canada, we say that's... good luck. I'll Skype you when I'm home, my love!  That sounds terrible. Be careful, Butters. Tom, the scene at the Canadian border is electric as several political leaders try and strategize how to deal with being shut out of Canada.  If the Canadian government wants to put up a wall, they have every right. And yet, we must ask why they thought this to be necessary. What we need is a- Yeah. Yeah, that's right. USA USA USA USA USA!  USA US-! So young man, I understand that you and my daughter have started a romance. And I suppose you have a thing for Canadian girls, huh? Is that it? You've got maple fever? I'm sore-y, Charlotte, but I get suspicious. It's bad enough we have to live in America, now all the boys with maple fever are gonna wanna have at our daughter. That's enough, Thomas! Oh look at them, Thomas. I think they really like each other. What is it, Thomas? Oh my goodness! Should we go back to Canada then? We're so proud of you, Tweek. Awww, hi Craig. Awww. Canada has everything. It's the greatest country on Earth.  Yes, I have to admit. It seems they're falling in Slow Cosby.  What? Are you sure? The Canadian President got fucked to death, darling. Yes, I guess let's go back!    Oh God!...  Money? What did I do wrong, huh? Everyone's so damned happy, but... but why did this have to happen to my son?! What did I do to make my son like this? Oh, what? You know about this? What? Why can't you quit him?   I can see how much they're both hurting, but... Can't you understand that in my time we just didn't accept this?  Then again, he's my son no matter what. I can't just shut down on him.  If certain people want to leave this country, then let them! You tell those pussy homos they can suck my balls! And tell the Prime Minister of China that HE can suck my balls! Oh, and Johnson? Suck my balls. What?! Hey! How did a US citizen get past my wall?! Where your country gone? Where my country gone?! Nobody talks to me like that, buddih!  Stupid-! Unh! This is why I built that wall! Hey, what the-? Aah! Hey, that pokes, buddih! Aah! Please! Please, I can't- Oh. NO! No please, NO! NO!  Ohhh! Ohhh! Nooo! But Mr. President- Mr. President? We realize that when a rejuvenation like this takes place, the lower-income residents fear they'll be priced out of the area. There will be amazing food and incredible shops right at your doorstep. What's he gonna say? He's coming! You're done, Barbrady! The town doesn't want you here!  You should have thought of that before you shot a Mexican! Latino-American.  Shit. How would you like to be a policeman again? Do you even know what "farm to table" means?  Sir! The President is on the phone. He wants to talk to you about PC Principal.  Oh God! Oh God!  Hey Mike, whatcha doin' man? The guys are all meetin' down at SoDoSoPa. They've totally revitalized this area south of Downtown, you've gotta check it out!  Oh my God, guy. Mr. McCormick, you will be living in the most vibrant part of the entire town. SoDoSoPa is the future of South Park. A couple of them, we think. Yeah. David Rodriguez was lucky to live! Hey, did you hear the news, buddih? The Canadian Presidents been fucked to death!  Yes! Yes! See ya! Bye! It's been real, guy! See ya, guy!   You did it, Garrison!  Thank you, Garrison! Okay okay okay. So this guy is running for President and he hates immigrants, and he's basically an idiot.  I've called you all here because South Park has an image problem. Thanks to Mr. Garrison we are now being referred to as the shit-heads of America. One of our more politically sensitive citizens has proposed an idea for this crisis and I'd like you to hear him out. I'm announcing a plan for SoDoSoPa.  A new urban development that will turn the most rundown and dilapidated part of our town into a quaint center of artisan shops and cafes. So you think you'll keep all the existing structures? And we want to assure the lower-income families that we are going to take the time to do this right. This is it, people! This is what we've all been working for! The future of our town depends on us being on our best behavior! No swearing, no weirdness, and no speeches!  Go! go! Everyone in place!   Hello, sir. On behalf of everyone here in South Park, please let me say we are very excited to be in consideration- The previous principal of the school was let go so that someone more progressive could take over. This is our new fourth-grade teacher. She's very normal and professional. Oh no, that's just where they always sit, next to our beloved Craig there, who is a homosexual.  Uh, can, can I show you the most exciting part of town? This is historic SoDoSoPa. It's our vibrant and charming arts and foods district.  That's really what our town is about.  Oh yes, of course, uh... I believe they are. Rancher, could you make sure? And for all your service to this community, we want to once and for all declare you our most elite food critic. To distinguish you, we present to you... the Golden Badge.  We know you will.  Mr. Davis, you have proven yourself a leader. And for all your service to this community, we want to once and for all declare you our most elite food critic. To distinguish you, we present the Golden Badge.  Wearing this badge means you will always get the special treatment you deserve.  This town is outraged, Officer Barbrady! People are tired of the police not being held accountable for their actions! You shot an unarmed six year old Latino child! You're fired. You're from another time, Barbrady. And the last thing that needs to go. Your gun and your badge.  And your sunglasses. Latino-American. You should go away. You don't belong anywhere in a town as progressive as this one. Why are they all suddenly coming here? When a town like ours has a homeless problem it must look at the root of what's causing it. What if they won't help us with the homeless? The town is in danger, alright? We don't know what these kids are capable of. Sh, look, look look, Barbrady, Barbrady! We were wrong about you. I... was wrong about you. You... protected this town back before anybody else ever did. You used to do it all on your own. We need you to do that again.  What were you thinking?! Boys innocently playing ninja and you pull your gun on them? We thought they were. But if it turns out they aren't, as a policeman, you have to figure that out! I'm sorry, but we just can't cover your ass on this one. There's going to be an investigation and ... you just don't have what it takes to be a policeman in today's times. Yes.  Where could it even go?! Maybe they won't even answ-  Randy, Stephen, we've got a big problem! The owner of City Wok has child labor making videos for him! It's all over the place. He's tryin' to revitalize his rundown neighborhood!  We'll keep the existing structures, but add brick walkways and some quaint white lights. A plaza in the middle will be a place where young couples can play with their toddlers.  And it will all be small businesses like artisan cheese shops or noodle houses. I do. It's part of what gives a revitalized area like this its charm that the hipsters like. Alright guys, welcome to Steed. Do we have any allergies? Alright guys, welcome to (vernacular) Yes, we've been alerted. Sir. Alright, we got a Yelper. Give it that special attention. Wow, can you believe this place? Yeah, the food is unbelievable.   You don't know the half of it. The gun show? The entire town in one location?  Oh my God! They've become sentient, they've taken human form. You can't tell what's human and what's an ad anymore. Uh huh. At what? Oh sweet, dude.  Mommy, can we go eat outside? But Mommy, they have ice cream.   Wow! This is mine? Hi.  No, we can't go eat outside. You shut your mouth or I'll shut- What are they doing? But they have to! Karen brought in one of their syringes, for Christ's sake!  And now, a chance to own a piece of this most exciting area of South Park. Announcing: the Lofts at SoDoSoPa. Two thousand square foot of flats that will put you right in the heart of it all. After a night out eating and shopping in SoDoSoPa, just take a few steps and you're home. With modern styling these lofts are sleek, sexy, and oh so SoDoSoPa. And for those very privileged few, the most private and exclusive ownership opportunity is here. Announcing the Residences at the Lofts at SoDoSoPa. Now you can have access to luxury refined while still just steps away from the action. These finely appointed residences all feature state-of-the art finishes and balconies with views of historic Kenny's house. It's a place to laugh. It's a place to gather. A place to mingle with people of all economic classes. And now, it's a place to live. SoDoSoPa. Welcome Home. You can't say "excitement" without saying "SoDoSoPa." The food, the art, the nightlife. With the Lofts and Residences at SoDoSoPa all the action was just a few steps away. But what if you could actually live in the most central location that SoDoSoPa has to offer? Well, now you can. Announcing: the Villas at Kenny's House. The most sought-after address in all of South Park for only the very privileged few. Now you can relax in your state-of-the-art deck spa while taking in views of that mixed SoDoSoPa culture.  But that's not all. The Villas at Kenny's house will also feature access to a private fitness center, clubhouse, and so much more. Plus a breezeway to the proposed Whole Foods just steps away.  The Villas at Kenny's House. Welcome Home. There's a time when a town becomes more than it was.  Welcome Home.  Everyone, please go about your business! I need to see this town in its normal goings on, to see if it is indeed a Whole Foods town. P.C. Principal. I like that. So you've just recently moved here? And do you believe this town is deserving of a Whole Foods? Mmmmm-hm.  Show me a classroom please. Please continue as if I am not here.  Mmmmm-hm. Hmmm, I enjoy how you've retained the lower-income housing with the updated and quaint urban developments. Hmmm. I have seen enough for today. I am weary. Where shall I sleep? So these are the cattle that the local shops and restaurants are supplied with. And where does the butchery take place? And are the bullets made from reclaimed metals?   Okay, everyone go about your business. Butter butter dirty line cutter. He's just kind of talking to himself.  Everyone act normal. No, don't act normal, act good! But if Pluto isn't a planet, who can tell me what it is?  Oh, hello. Okay, so uhh children, anyone wanna tell me what Pluto is classified as?  That means it's neither a planet nor a natural satellite, okay? And what color is the little ball the kittens are playing with? Uh... these are local cows, yes. Uh, that's right over there.  I read super school news 'cause it don't try and fool me and it's news reports aren't paid for by ad companies. You mean like someone put their balls in the glass? I just can't keep up with this town no more. Everything's gettin' all nice and fancy. I swear I'm gonna need to get a second mortgage on the ranch just to pay muh daily expenses. What?? Tweek's out of coffee, honey. Tweek, is there anything you want to talk to us about?  Well, we heard that you're gay. And I want you to know we've never been so proud of you. We thought you were just a spaz, but to know that you've got so much going on inside. Knowing what I know now, I'm gonna be a much better dad to you. In fact, I just, I just want to give you some money, Tweek.  Well, hello Craig. Honey, it's Craig. He sure is. Come on in.  Would you like to have some coffee, Craig? Tweek's just up in his room playing. You can go on up.  They're so gay.  Shhh! Get him! There he is! That son of a bitch! Get him! Stop him! Get him!  Because charity-shaming hurts everyone.  Yeah, sorry guys. we got about a thirty minute wait. Yes, sir, give me a second; I'll have a table right away.   Where's that other taco plate? We need it now. I know. But we've put everything into moving here and starting this business, and we have to be impressive.  David, you must help your mama however you can. We're not going back to that miserable place! I don't wanna go back either. Great!   Okay, here you go, amigo! Another taco plate and the taquitos. Yes, you mentioned that several times. Really? Ohnono. No 1 star, please. What could we do to-? Let me get that for you. Of course!   Yes, right away! Oh Jeez, you guys too, huh? Ho-kay, uhm, I'll get you set up right over here, okay?   How did you do it, son? I'm a little overwhelmed. Okay, done. Another one? My name is David. <small>(Dah-veed)</small> I said my name is David. <small>(Dah-veed)</small> Well, I'm "David." <small>(Dah-veed)</small> Why'd you only give them 2 stars? David. <small>(Dah-veed)</small> Dah-víd. Dah-víííd. Sí, me ride me teeny bicicleta to school. My name... is David. <small>(Dah-veed)</small> Si. Me ride me teeny bicicleta to school.  Alright, we got all the restaurants to agree to let the Yelpers in and make them feel special. Here you are, sir. I will bring you food every day, my friend. Yes. My father made it just for youuu.  Hi, two of us for lunch, please. Oh, and uh, I just wanted to mention that my wife and I are Yelp reviewers, so uh, your best table, please. Hm, this place seems, nice. D'I guess we'll see, won't we? Look here, my good man, we've been waiting over 15 minutes for you to sing Happy Birthday to our son! You're gonna regret this, Whistlin' Willy. You can't treat Yelpers this way. AH!  And so we said "to hell with it!" And we took the challenge to go from the town's food critics to the town's spiritual leaders! What do we want? I guess we'll see. Unfortunately for you, we are both restaurant critics, and so is our son! And yet, there was more. For in this crisp time when autumn begins to fade, the chef brings chicken in habanero, and even adds habanero powder to the crust. But the heat is restrained. You experience the fruity, delicious flavor of this without any spicy pain. I don't need any more pain. Hell, does anyone? In finality, I will say that my experience at Applebee's was sublime and my treatment near that of a gladiator most decorated. But the street parking wasn't that great. Two and a half stars. I found the wait staff at Red Lobster to be rude, and barely even acknowledging who I was. Or what I meant to this city.  Gerald! We're going to the park. You wanna come along? Why don't you take a break from Yelping, Gerald? You seem a little overwhelmed. Well there's chicken in the fridge if you get hungry. Okay. Have fun.  Gerald, I'm taking Ike to clown school. You care to joing us? Come on, Liza, I'll introduce you to the girls. Is this a joke? I'm not doing it. Hey, guys. As you know, we have several new students here at South Park Elementary. We have been getting to know some of the Asian girls who have introduced us to an art style called "yaoi."  Kelly Zhou goes a bit more whimsical with "Craig and Tweek: Moonlight Dance."  In yaoi art, the seme, or "top", is usually dominating the uke, or "bottom", as demonstrated in Heather Nishimura's "Boizu Rabu."  But yaoi can branch out to other things as well... ...as we see here in "Lily, Frog, Tweek and Craig."   Sir, it's midnight. Go home, get some sleep. More Yelp reviews, sir? But does anyone even thank you for it?  God bless you, sir. Where are you going, sir? You need backup sir? God bless you sir. It's okay, I'm off duty. Just came in for a nice pinot. Now look, not all cops are racist trigger-happy assholes. Let's go people, you can't stay here. You are being relocated. There's no time to sleep when the city's counting on me. I had a bad experience at Red Lobster and if the people don't know about it, they could too. Folks deserve to know where to eat, Mitch. I don't need them to. I know they need me, and that's enough. I know.  Alright, follow me! You heard him. Little Mexican kid called me out.  If he wants to fight me, that's fine. No, he's just calling me out.  I know! What I want is to be able to lead these fine people with the respect and the dignity- Attention all units in the vicinity of South Park Elementary!  Principal calling for help during school assembly! All officers needed at once!   Oh, is that so? Well, we'd like to come help you, but we don't wanna get fired. I see. And are any of these homeless people of a minority persuasion? Oh, it matters. See, it used be we could beat up minorities and nobody cared. It's the reason a lot of us joined the force.  Hey Mitch, you wanna go down and arrest some homeless people but not be able to beat up any minorities? Yeah, no, I think we're good. In fact, we're thinking of maybe turning the whole department into a hula school. Whattaya think? What? What's that, you say? Jeez, I'm sorry. We've got to work on our koholo kaloa, and get the lomi lomi chicken ready for the big ho'olao le'ao, which leaves us... oh, not enough time to deal with ISIS. Hey, who was it that said "fuck the police"? Was that Ice Cube? Tupac? Oh, right, that was you guys! Sorry, but I guess you'll have to find somebody else to do all the difficult dirty shit you don't want to do yourselves. I've gotta be ready for the luau. I might even kiss a dude. Oh no? I'm a cop. We've got a deal, right? Alright you, come on!  Welcome to Whistlin' Willy's. Y'all enjoyin' your pizza? That does it! I've had enough! All you Yelp reviewers get the hell outta here! I don't care what happens to my business! I ain't kissing your asses no more!  Go on! Every Yelper get the fuck out of here! You're not a food critic, Dennis! You're a fuckin' mechanic! Now get the fuck out! Go on! All you Yelpin' sons of bitches get the fuck out of here!  You get the f- Get the fuck out!  You too, you sonofabitch! No, please! No! Nonono!   1 star! Excuse me! Emergency!  Over here! Emergency! I would like a table. Inside the area with all the little plastic balls please, and make it snappy I am a food critic for Yelp. Careful now, Bill, you don't want a one-star review. Harrison Yates, what's gotten into you? What are ya talkin' about? You said that protectin' people from bad dinin' experiences was what kept you goin'. What is it? You want me to come along? That's it, Maggie. I'm hanging it up. If people are gonna be trying all the new restaurants in town they'll... have to do it without my reviews. The restaurants put up signs sayin' I can't come in. I don't know why they singled me out, but it's like, people don't need me.  Well I'll be damned. Somebody's put a note in the mailbox... asking me to come and talk to them. They do need me.  I need to get goin'. No, they're just asking for me. I guess...  Oh, are you having a party sweetheart? Oh, how fun! I'm going, honey. Oh yes, sweetie, I think quite a few people are Yelp reviewers. I guess so, honey. Do you need more lemonade? Oh my, how beautiful.  Oh, look, sweetie, someone sent you flowers. Who are they from, hon? Awww. Eric Cartman, I told you to get ready for bed! No, Eric! This is a school night! You most certainly are! Right now, mister! Eric, where did you get that? Eric, you march right up to your room, and you- Eric, you get your butt to bed!  I told you to go upstairs right now! I'm not going to tell you again, Eric! It is time... for night-night!  I am your mother, and you will do what I tell you! Well then, you go right now, Mister!  Alright then. No comic books, just straight to sleep! I love you, sweetie.  Hello, hi. My name is  Is this the right place? COULD YOU SPEAK A LITTLE LOUDER? Poweerrrrr Back! That's right! Yeah! That's right. Yeah! Yeah! Let's go!  For the fifth day in a row, historic Shi Tpa Town is under siege by Yelp reviewers. The restaurants are still refusing to be intimidated. and the Yelp reviewers are-  One local restaurant worker actually called out the Yelp critics' leader. And what about this way of life has attracted you? It's day two of the hunger strike started by the college-aged fraternity brothers who are demanding that all of South Park's community leaders step down. The PC frat brothers say they've gone now two days without eating any pussy, and will continue to do so until people resign. I guess you win, huh, big shot?! If you really are any kind of important to anybody, then get your bullshit food critic ass to the south of town and face me! Because you aren't a food critic, and you aren't important!  Where I come from, we settle things with our fists! I'm not from Mexico, dude! I'm from Idaho!  I'm gonna show this prick how we do things in Boise! I think I know what to do. Aaa! No answers here, Tom. We're trying to correct the problem. Tom, we've just about got it fixed. It should be ready now.  First we have the beautiful Yorkshire 33mm with proud owner Stephen Stotch. The playful and lovely Australian semiautomatic owned by Father Maxi. That's a favorite of the crow here. Always a favorite at these shows. The judge now asking to see that Yorkshire 33mm up close. And next up will be the- Yes, six armed gunmen have entered the arena, one of which is carrying an absolutely gorgeous little Pekingese Glock 17. I didn't ask to be the leader, I was appointed! You see, I'm extremely important to this town, and I'm not going to be- My journey is this town's food-  You've made these people feel unwanted, and now they look to me for answers.   Wwooww. Hi, yes, the steak, please.  Youuu got it!  <poem><i>Boogers and cum.</i></poem> <poem><i>Boogers and cum.</i></poem> <poem><i>Oooo-oooo-oooo-oooo</i></poem> <poem><i>Boogers and cum.</i></poem> <poem><i>Boogers and cum.</i></poem> <poem><i>Oooo-oooo-oooo-oooo</i></poem> <poem><i>Boogers and cum.</i></poem> <poem><i>Boogers and cum.</i></poem> <poem><i>Oooo-oooo-oooo-oooo</i></poem> <poem><i>Boogers and cum.</i></poem> <poem><i>Boogers and cum.</i></poem> Oooo-oooo-oooo-oooo <poem><i>Boogers and cum.</i></poem> <poem><i>Boogers and cum.</i></poem> Boogers and cum! <poem><i>That's called the Yelper Special!</i></poem> <poem><i>Say, what's that on your pretzel?</i></poem> <poem><i>Your online critiques are real useful to some.</i></poem> <poem><i>Now have a good time eatin' boogers and cum.</i></poem> <poem><i>Someone farted on your salad.</i></poem> <poem><i>But your décor critiques are valid.</i></poem> <poem><i>You think you're special, like you're A #1!</i></poem> <poem><i>Well there's a whole lot of special in</i></poem> <poem><i>How 'bout some feces with your flounder?</i></poem> <poem><i>You like that queefy quarter pounder?</i></poem> <poem><i>Bein' a food critic's easy!</i></poem> <poem><i>Oh, you feel a little queasy?</i></poem> <poem><i>Do you need a diagnosis? Well doctor's got one.</i></poem> <poem><i>Piss in your potatoes.</i></poem> <poem><i>Boogers and cum.</i></poem> What's that spice that feels tangy on my tongue? Oh that's a yuzu pepper  along with some boogers and cum Your stomach seems to be filled with boogers and cum. Okay. sir, looks like your total is $37.83.  Okay, and, would you like to add a dollar donation to help hungry kids around the world? Sorry?  I'm sorry, you don't want to give the dollar to hungry kids? Okay, no problem.  A window's gonna come up and ask if you're helping the hungry kids, just hit "No, I'm not." Try hitting it again. It's the box below the one that says, "Sure, I'd love to help however I can."  Oh, sure you do. That's completely understandable.  "Have customer speak on the-" Oh-okay. if you can just speak into the voice decoder and say "I'm not giving anything to the hungry kids." Okay, that's got it. So with the ice cream, the vodka, pizza pockets, and nothing for hungry kids, that's $37.83.  Oh, don't forget your change.  Thanks for shopping, sir. Next, please. Aand how are you today, sir? Oh, no problem, sir, they've updated the system so it's a lot more streamlined now. Find everything you need today? There we go, and that's... Okay, and would you like to give a dollar to hungry kids today? Oh that's right. Okay, there's a picture of a little hungry boy. Will you just press on his belly?  It's just the new change dispenser, sir.  Yes, she's a hungry one. You've gotta pull hard. Try putting your foot on her face.  Have a nice day, sir! Find everything you needed today? Okay, looks like your total comes to $37.98. Would you like to give a dollar to help feed hungry kids?  You want to give a dollar?  All right, thanks, have a great day.  Good afternoon sir. Oh, hello gentlemen. And some chocolate-covered almonds. Vanderpump Sangria mix. That's great, sir. Ice cream sandwiches. Wonderful. Rotisserie chicken. Oh yep, gotta have that Frank's hot sauce. That's great, sir. Okay, your total is $37.85, and would you like to give a dollar to help put a hamster through college? Not a problem, sir.  If you could just press the N0 button and tell the little hamster he's not going to college. Just look him right in the eye, sir, and say "Not today, buddy."  And thank so much for being so generous. Oh, ahhh, I'm sorry. Isn't it great having a Whole Foods?   Thank you. You wanna play with me?  Yeah. No, I'm telling you, Tracy, it's the greatest thing ever. I'm getting all my Twitter and Instagram comments on paper, and the nasty mean stuff, all gets edited out. Yeah. And the coolest thing? Ever since I started using this service, all of my followers are actually way more stoked on me. So cool, right?  Am so! But I don't care. People just have to accept my body the way it is. <poem><i> If you do not like me, you are not allowed in my safe spaaaace.</i></poem> <poem><i>Oh no, not reality! Somebody stop him!</i></poem> Look around you. What do you see? People who are slim. Skinny. But not everyone can have nice bodies like them. Just imagine it. Putting your pictures up on Twitter just to have some people write comments about your weight. It happens, all too often. And so together, we have created #shamelessAmerica,  so no one is ever labeled... Oh my God. What have we done? <poem><i>My safe spaaaace.</i></poem> <poem><i>My safe spaaaace.</i></poem> What? Jesus, I d-I didn't even think. <poem><i> Bully-proof windows, troll-safe doors, nothing but kindness and healing.</i></poem> <poem><i>My safe spaaaace</i></poem> <poem><i>My safe spaaaace.</i></poem> <poem><i>Mixed in with</i></poem> <poem><i>And say nice things. Rainbows all around me, there is no shame in my safe spaaaace.</i></poem> <poem><i> You can't ruin our lives, Reality!</i></poem> <poem><i>We can face almost anything!</i></poem> <poem><i>Troll-safe doors. </i></poem> <poem><i>I am going to tear down your safe space! Brick by brick, I shall smash it with glee!</i></poem> <poem><i>You cannot stop me from getting inside! I am cold and I am hard, and my name... is Reality.</i></poem> <poem><i>Drat!</i></poem> <poem><i>Nooooo... </i></poem> HaHAA! So you're the one trying to destroy me, eh?? You little shit! Keep me out, will you? You can't stop me!   I shit on all of you!  Look at you, Vin Dipshit. You think fat-shaming is wrong, so in response you show off your abs. You're the one fat-shaming, idiot! What's the matter with you people?! You're saaad that people are meeean? Well I'm sorry, the world isn't one big liberal arts college campus! We eat too much; we take our spoiled lives for granted, feel a little bad about it sometimes! No, you wanna put up all your shit on the Internet and have every single person say "Hooray for you!" Fuck you. You're all pricks. And I've got news for you! While you've all been sitting here trying to feel good, the little boy who sucked all your shit is about to die from it! Tubby. Bad with tools. Dyke!  AAAAAH! What'd he say? Alright, everyone enjoying themselves? How's that filet mignon?  You know, we're all here for a really important reason. Because everyone should- Awwww. Awwww. Awwww.  What?  What is going on, huh? Huh? Me and him aren't together. Why is this happening?! Everyone thinks I'm gay! What if my parents find out! Huh! I'm not either! What's that? Gah! NO! Craig, can I touch your penis? No. Oh God.  AAaaagh! You're the one with the fuckin' problem!  You'd better not fuckin' push me again, man! No, no! What are you doing here?  There's no stopping it! The whole world wants me to be something I'm not! What?? What?! Are you insane?! The way everyone-! Like acting? No man, that is way too much pressure! I'll fail- Agh. I'm a terrible actor. Oh gah-okay. Oh God! What? Why not?  We don't belong together? What suddenly changed, Craig? Uh huh. And who the hell is Michael?! Huh?! You wanna tell me that?!  I went through your phone when we went out last night, Craig! I saw your texts to Michael about hooking up with him! Oh, it's not? Oh, don't use that lame shit on me, man! You don't wanna feel bad, so you try and tell me what I want?  Noho, you're not the bad guy! You're never the bad guy, are you?! You, you just step on people and you use them! Agh-I'm going too far?! What is wrong with you? Well, guess what, Craig! Love doesn't follow a plan!  Hi, is Craig here, sir? Hey, dude. I thought when we broke up everything would get better. I was thinking maybe we should say we're back together. What does that have to do with anything? You said to make it seem real. I'm so sorry, Craig. You, you made me believe in myself in a way I never have before. I didn't think I had any of that in me, but... you were right. I can do more than I think. You... changed something in me and I just... I wanna fix whatever's hurting you now.  Alright Craig. Alright.  Yeah, what is this yaoi thing all about? I am so c-c-c-confused. Well Dad, I just re-really like being a part of something. I feel like it's character-building and it's lots of fun. What do we believe in? We believe in something greater than ourselves, and that by following our strict warrior code we believe that our faiths and our traditions are a way to a greater path - the p-p-p-path of the warrior. And as long as we stay united in honor we can defeat all our enemies.  Wow, the fellas were right. People are really freaked out by ninjas. It's Jimmy, actually. My name is Jimmy, PC Principal. Says who? That was an op-ed piece in the paper written by a first grader who found the school lunch policy to be ridiculous, and he thought "r-retarded" to be the best word to describe it. As the editor of the paper, I didn't think it was right to censor the words the student used. No. You're new here, so you don't understand how seriously I take my job as editor of the school paper. I don't allow ads, and I don't allow anything that might t-t-t-taint the truth behind what people are thinking. i don't want people to be afraid of words if it stops them from having a dialog. Why? Are you uncomfortable around people with disabilities? That's okay. Lot's of people are. I can't hand out the school paper in school? Yep, got it. Don't forget to read the school paper! Now delivered directly to your door.   I'm not confused at all, actually, PC Principal. I'm pretty sure that you're the one, but go ahead. Are you serious right now? Do you want to ask him what he means by that, or are you just pandering because you're uncomfortable around disabled people? Hey Nathan, hold up. What were you doing in there? Come on Nathan, you and I both know you use the word "retarded" 400 times a day. What are you talking about? Nice to meet you, Brad. Where do you guys-? That's right. What is this for? Sorry Charlie, but I don't allow ads in my newspaper. That's called "sponsored content." I know the difference between the news and ads. Do you think I'm stupid? Sth-sth-sth, stick it up your ass! Yes. Officer Barbrady? Does this have to do with me calling the school principal a pussy crusher? You mean ISIS or ninjas? I'd say that sounds pretty retarded. Sponsored content? That's the news.  That's the news. That's an ad. That's an ad. That's the new-oh no, that's an ad for act food. My bad.  I prefer "handicapped," actually. Yes. Uh, I'm Jimmy. Editor In Chief of Super School News.  N, nice to finally talk to you. Yes, they did. Do you know who "they" are? I thought I recognized them. I prefer "handicapped." Uh yes, Leslie, I like our school very much. Uh huh. I'm starting to wonder something about you, Leslie. Holy. Shit. Can you excuse me for a moment?  Does she know she's an ad? Does she know she's an ad?! For years, mankind has tried to rid the world of ads. For our ancestors, ads couldn't be avoided. But everyone knew what was an ad, and what wasn't. After many years, mankind invented cable. A way to p-pay for television so there would be no ads. But somehow, the ads still found a way. And so mankind invented TiVo. A way to skip past commercials. Finally, it appeared to be the end of ads. And everywhere, people rejoiced. The ads were stopped. Or so it seemed. With the rise of the Internet, suddenly the ads got an en- tirely new way to attack us. Popups. The top scientific minds were brought together to find a way to stop the ads, once and for all. They invented the ad blocker. Suddenly there were no ads on phones, on computers. And everywhere, people rejoiced. The ads adapted. They became s-smarter. They disguised themselves as news. All around the world people read news stories completely unaware that they were reading ads . And now, the ads have taken the next step in their evolution. They have taken human form. Ads are among us. They could be your friend, your g-gardener. The ads are trying to wipe us out. But the question is... how?  It's just my luck. I talk to a nice girl, seem to hit it off, and she turns out to just be an ad. This is such a fantastic story for the school newspaper. Why don't we just run it so that everyone knows the truth? So you don't know anything about the principal that might be newsworthy? Super School News worthy?  Leslie, what kind of... plans do you have? Do you have any... plans? Just, you know, plans. Like what are you hoping tooo... accomplish?  Well, I want to pursue careers in both news reporting and comedy. Yeah, you're pretty different yourself, Leslie. I'm starting to think that maybe all ads aren't so bad. I am not thinking with my dick. No, I just think that she's a- She's ag- emotional Interesting, caring girl. Okay Leslie, let's try a different approach. Let's say you wanted tooo... destroy the entire species. How would you go about it? And what is the new principal trying to do, Leslie? What? Leslie, come on. Yeah I'm gonna help you. I mean, come on. PC Principal is our enemy, not her. It is not my dick. I am thinking rationally and with logic. I am taking her out of here! Officer Barbrady, we have to stop PC Principal before it's too late. Burning the midnight oil, huh Nathan? You sonofabitch. What have you done to the Super School News? Writing headlines sponsored by PC Principal and the ads? How much did they pay you?! Everyone's gonna know the truth, Nathan. We're getting a new edition of the school paper out by morning. Everyone's gonna know all about the ads.  Leslie... I thought we were b-b-b-besties. What happened to you, Nathan? I always thought you were a nice kid. Now you've got a gun? Yeah? Well guns are never the answer. Oh. I guess it would have been a decent answer then. Tou-t-t-t... touché. Nice to meet you, Classi. Oh great. So now ads are using PC for their own gain? That's a new low. I know I've said it before, but man, do I hate ads. I've got to get to the Super School News. Hey, Classi, you think you can get me my crutches? You seem like a reasonable person. Do you really wanna live in a world controlled by ads? I mean, come on, Classi. Sorry, my bad. Look, I'm a news reporter, Claaassi, and in a world where ads control the news, there's no way to be sure anyone is ever hearing the truth. What is that? Tragedy at gun show? What happened at the gun show? Classi! Thank you. I need your phone to call Officer Barbrady. And we have to get to that gun show, fast!  Kyle, I know you probably thought Leslie was a kind, caring girl. But the truth is she's just an ad. "Oh, hi, Craig. 오늘 다른 셔츠 입었네. ''(He's wearing a different shirt today.) [looks at the girl on her right and addresses her]''   잠바 밑에 어떻게 알아? ''(How do you know what's underneath his jacket?)'' I don't know, that was Korean. I'm Japanese. Oh, here you go, kiddo.   Aw, come on. What's wrong with two guys liking each other? But if love is love, then it takes form in all shapes and sizes. Teehee. Really? Can I? Oh thank you! I won't!  You just need a little spark of magic.  I hit him with my love arrow, and then I peed in his mouth just for fun. I thought you might like that. And do you think I'm cute, too? 'Cause I think you're kind of cute. Oh, well, at least Tweek and Craig are in love now.  Teeheehee. Aw, come on, let's be like Tweek and Craig. Everyone thinks they're kewl. But I'm so attracted to you. I'm just here to pick up on guys. Why? are you jealous? Oh, now you need me, huh? Fuck you, dude. Well, I guess I could try now, in return for just... one date? Then I guess I'm not interested. Teeheehee! Teeheeheeheehee! You just need a little prick of magic.  Teeheeheehee, teeheeheehee.   Teeheehee. Aren't you liking your massage? Well, I've got something you might like a little better.  Teeheeheehee! Wei? Ni hao  What? That-a come from-a Japan. They are dogs!  who refused, and not apologized, to the Chinese republic! Hi, flower delivery for Eric Cartman?  Hey, you sure know a lot about this. Hey! What you want? We don't take kindly to folks who impose their authority on the underprivileged! Now this here is a dry Riesling. You're gonna experience vanilla after-tones and a nutty finish. No, like chestnuts, dammit! Alright Randy, you should probably lay off the old vine Châteauneuf-du-Pape. They... they broke up?  Thomas! What is that kid doing here? Hey, kid, what do you think you're doing here? <poem><i>Hontou ni sakana ga oishii ["The fish is really delicious"]</i></poem> <poem><i>I hope you know when you are down</i></poem> On 3 1... 2...   Whoa! Nobody move! What's happening? Oh, they've got me!  Mayor, I didn't know if there was a gunman, or a bomb- I'm sorry. No, Mayor, please. This is all I know. I used to be the only policeman in this town, remember? Bob, ah I used to chase away the sixth graders for you.  No, please, not my sunglasses. Where should I go? Hi, sweetheart. I've uh... I've been let go from the force. I'm so sorry. It might be a little tough to afford your medication, but I'll find a way. You know me. I like to help. I like to be needed.  Uh, who? What do you want? I'm no good as a policeman. I'm a bumbling old fool. They need me? To do what? No! Shoot kids? I don't wanna shoot kids! No. No. Are any of them minorities? Noo no no no no no no no no! Oh Jesus. ISIS, oh God.   Oh ho ho.  I understand you feeling angry at this town. I'm getting pretty angry too. But we can't give up on it. Please boys, don't make it end violently. Aaahaahaaawe! Everybody told me they were terrorists. But, you said you needed me to kill some kids. Yes? You do? Yeah, a lot of changes. What? Come with me if you want to live!  What? I'm not shooting any more kids. No! I'm not shooting any more people! Not for you, not for nobody! Maybe so. All I know is I'm done shooting people!  Oh sorry. Jeez.   Aaay, quiet down over there, I'm tryin' to sleep.   No thank you. Hey, excuse me, man, do you know where-?  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! AAAAAAAAAAH! Look! AAAAH! Go, go, go!  Yeah? Well go somewhere else, copper! CtPaTown is for people who care about each other! Yeah, it's right up here. We can shoot up in these abandoned buildings.  The town of South Park is holding a large protest tonight outside of their police department. The townspeople say the protest is meant to begin a dialog about the relationship between law enforcement and the citizens they are supposed to protect. Are your children being lured into terrorist organizations? A shocking report shows that some kids in the town of South Park are swearing loyalty to a murderous regime. No doubt the growing number of kids swearing loyalty to ISIS could be problematic for the progressive town. Spare a dollar? So, you are the brave children who have committed to our cause. We are aware of what you are doing and we are very impressed. What you are doing is very important and we would like to help you however we can. We are going to be wiring you some money. Of course. Extremely. This chicken tastes like shit. What'd you do to it? Hai! Aaahaah.  Hey, you can't kick us out of here, man. Aaaah!  Please! You can't take me back to SoDoSoPa! ISIS is there! Ninjas? Oh, that's so gay. No, those were just ninjas.  Officer Barbrady. We've been watching you. And what we see is a man who truly wants to protect his town. You've been in this town longer than almost anyone. Have you noticed... changes... lately? They aren't a coincidence, officer. They are all part of a plan to take down your beloved town and everyone in it. What do you know about a little girl named...  The average human can no longer tell the difference between the news and an ad. You seem to have some mental ability that allows you to know the difference. The PC People are simply being manipulated, unwittingly setting the table for the new enemy of humanity.  What if I were to tell you that ads have become smarter than us? And now they're manipulating everything we do?  It was our own fault. Mankind became tired of ads, so we kept inventing ways to make things ad-free. We even created ad blockers. That's when the ads had to adapt. They had to disguise themselves as news in order to survive. If you really can tell the difference, then you could be the key to saving our species, Jimmy. We'd like to run a test on you. Jesus Christ, he's off the charts. That's a perfect score. You are a very special child, Jimmy. We have another child here who's special too.  Well Jimmy? What do you think? What is that, bro?  Yeah bro.  Bro! Aw, dude, bro! Dude, I scored with this female and after consenting to putting her mouth on my penis, she wanted me to walk her home. And when I got to her house she had me meet her father who is Filipino, so I asked him if he could tell me about their cultural and social dynamic to being a Filipino-American. So he said some stuff, and then the newspaper landed on his doorstep, 'cause I guess her dad subscribes to the school newspaper, and he picked it up and I saw the headline said this! Bro, that little kid wrote that our tolerant views and fight for social justice is just a way for us to crush puss! I know, bro!! We're being totally victimized!  Oh, bro, I went online to read a news story about immigrants being discriminated against. What does this mean, dude?  I like apples and bananas. It hurts my feelings because I feel bad. That word makes my heart piss its pants. I'm afraid of bears.  What do you mean, Jimmy? Are you ma-ad? Oh Jimmy. So righteous, aren't you? So blind to everything that's going on. Do you really think all the changes happening to this town are just coincidence? This goes so much deeper than you can possibly imagine, Jim. Everyone's about to learn the truth. And then... There's a war coming. A war, Jim. And I'm just gonna make sure I'm on the right side of it. I like to smell trees!  Ooooh boy! I think this will be the beginning of a beautiful friendship. I like the school paper. I like to type with my hands.  Uhhh. Uhhh. Uhhh, I don't remember. Uhhh. Uhhh, I like the school paper.  Ahh, thanks, computer. Jimmy. I was just holding down the fort while you were away, Jim. Please, Jimmy, I'm just trying to survive here. Hey there, big man. Editor of the school paper, huh? You still don't even know half the story. Well? How do you like my new apartment? Huh. Everyone's gettin' one of these now, Jim. Nobody knows whom to trust. Don't you kinda wish you'd had one back when Leslie betrayed you and nearly beat you to death? You see, I've got expensive tastes, Jimmy. I like good food.  Have you been introduced to my current girlfriend? All I had to do was work for the ads and I got everything I wanted. My own loft, with all of ShiTpaTown right at my doorstep. All it took was some PC and the whole thing was set in motion. What is PC but a verbal form of gentrification? Spruce everything up, get rid of all the ugliness in order to create a false sense of paradise. Only one thing can actually live in that world. Ads.  Oh, you're gonna sponsor my content some more, baby? I'm all ears. Here it is, Jimmy. Hot off the presses. The newest edition of Super School News, hitting the streets tomorrow. Not what happened, what's going to happen. The final sweeping underneath the rug. By this time tomorrow nobody will be asking questions ever again. The ads will have won. And I will be... The man.  Shut up Classiii! What? Hang on, Classi, I'm sorry. We now return live to the 2015 Presidential Debate. Welcome back to the South Park Gun Show. We've had over 2000 gorgeous guns come through this arena today. It's been whittled down to seven, the winners from each group. David, take us down theh line.  An absolutely gorgeous gun, David. And there's the Mayor with her delightful Rhodesian ridgeback shotgun-rifle mix. And there it is, just a beautiful gun in motion. Everybody loves it.  And it looks like the gun show is under attack, David.  Our next question is for you, Mrs. Clinton. Many voters believe that Syrian refugees should not be allowed into our country for security reasons. What do you think? Keeping our country save has become more and more difficult, but I believe there are several things that we can- I know that our government needs to take a harder look at all- No! You shut the hell up! You've got a dumpy butt, and seven chins. Syrian refugees are all terrorists! Yeah well, it's pretty hard to look at you! We can all agree on that! Yeh-hah, good one Caitlyn. See, what I know is that there's only one way to deal with Syrian refugees, and that is... Thank you!!  That was hilarious when you called her a pizza face. Oh, that was classic, Caitlyn. You're the best running mate ever. Oh My God... Principal Victoria? Check his ass! Caitlyn.  Wake up, dickhead! I'll tell you what's wrong with me! There's enemies to humanity out there wantin' to put an end to all of us, and there's assholes like you helpin' them out! Son of a bitch! In our town it all started when PC Principal arrived. He's part of a mjuch larger conspiracy, and you're his lackey. Time to take this asshole down! Why not?  Where is everybody? I thought the news said they're on a hunger strike. What the hell? If this is true, then... PC Principal's trying to help. No, click out of that. What is this? So, so then, so then Caitlyn says "Look bitch, you're married to Bill Clinton. If anyone should be afraid of AIDS, it's you." Oh God, I love you, Cait. We're so gong to win the primaries.   It's like a Papa John's pimple party.  Oh God, you're such an asshole. Buckle up, buckaroos!  I'm not putting on a mustache, I'll look silly. Don't be an asshole. Alright alright, I'll put it on, fuck.  You-hur such an asshole. You like apples?  J'hoh, give me a break. It's clear. That stupid bitch had it coming.  You don't wanna fuck a vampire, you'll get hepatitis. Fuck them all to death!  Hello, Mr. Garrison.  There are people who know. But they have to stay very hidden. Mr. Garrison, I wasn't fired. I was replaced. This goes much higher than anyone knows. If we're going back, remember: we don't know who we can trust. We have to make sure nobody recognizes us. There's no telling who works for who. Here, Caitlyn, I got you this fake mustache to put on. Keep your voice down. Everything's changed. We've got everything from PC Principal's hard drive. He was on to the gentrification around the world, and he was convinced that whatever was responsible... wasn't... human. The news stories PC Principal researched are all so contradictory, as if whatever these things are have control over the news somehow. We have to find out who had me fired with the Cosby joke. It's the key to knowing what we're dealing with. How will we get him to talk? You got me fired?! Why?! If you had problems with me, why didn't you just talk to me?  Celebrate diversity! Woooo!  GO PC! Excuse me a second.  Hello, ladies. Thanks for coming to our event. We're just tired with the way people with disabilities get treated. Can I get you some alcohol? Hi. Yah, you know, it just bugs me when people refer to persons with disabilities as "handicapped." When I hear that word I wanna fuckin' punch them in the fuckin' face. Yeah.  To me marginalizing persons with disabilities by asking them what their handicap is, is a micro-aggression no better than asking a person of color if they went to college. No other way to be. So uh, listen. I think you're really pretty and interesting, and I'd kinda like to take you upstairs and totally crush your pussy. Would that be acceptable to you? No, I'm sorry, I need affirmative consent. I'll need you to say "Yes, you may take me upstairs and crush my pussy at this time."  That's so cool of you, wow. Wow, you're really progressive.  Oh well, I, I guess it would. Oh yeah, right here bro.  Yup. Uh, so-, sorry. It's right here. Hello. You're the boy responsible for the South Park Super School News? We would like to give you $26 million.  Contracts, and the first check. We'd love to be in business with you. I represent an organization called Geico. It's an insurance company. We think Super School News would be a great way for us to reach new customers. We've heard all about that, so we thought you could just do some ...news stories about car insurance. Just state the facts, because the truth is, everyone can save by switching to Geico. Everyone's doing it, Jim. You're sort of the last holdout. $26 million just to write some news stories that get people thinking about their insurance coverage? Hm.  Do you really think you can stop ads? You can try to block ads, but they get smarter. The more we ty to shut them out, the more clever they get. There's a war coming, kid, and I'm gonna make sure I'm on the right side of it.  Sponsored Content, Test 17-B, Ready. Begin.  Increase the intensity. Me neither, dude. I want social justice and now I'm being made fun of.  Yeah, fuck that dude, bro! Yeah bro. They're taking our incredibly tolerant views and distorting them. Hey yeah. Bro! We're the victims now. Like, we're being marginalized. Like... that makes us pretty cool. Hell yeah! You look familiar. Don't you go to my school? I'm Leslie. Did they bring you in and give you a bunch of tests too? I think they're ex-newsmen. You know, the men in suits who used to be in charge of the news. They told me I was special. Are you special too?  I like that. Do you like our school, Jimmy. I like our school too. I like the kids who go there. I'm starting to wonder about you. I mean, you seem like a nice kid, but... don't you feel like you could be happier?  What? Okay.  Why would anyone think that I'm on the principal's side? I hate the principal. I think he's a dick. Just that he hated me and called me a blabbermouth. I don't think I'm a blabbermouth. I just like talking to people. What kind of plans? I don't know. What are your plans? Really? That's... different. How so? Why would I want to destroy an entire species? You have the wrong idea about me, Jimmy. The person trying to change things and make things terrible is the new principal. He's trying to make sure that people like you and me aren't allowed to exist. I know that you're trying to help. I know that the newsmen in there are trying to help too.  You have to get me out of here, Jimmy. They're going to kill me. Listen to me carefully and don't look at the glass. I feel something for you I have never felt before. I think it's trust. The men in there are sick with hatred and as soon as they realize I have no information they are going to burn me. I've seen them do it to others. Please, you have to help me, Jimmy. Don't let them hurt me. Please don't abandon me. When the lights go back on just look at me and smile. And that's really it, Jimmy. I want to help all of you however I can.  Jimmy. You're gonna help me? Deal with him.  You're trying to find out what's going on, right? But your friend is standing in your way? I can show you what's going on, Kyle. But you have to trust me.  What's the last four digits of your Sosh?  Thank you. God bless you. May God bless the United States of America.  Yeah, just feeling butterflies. And my hands are freezing! Thank you, Kyle.  The principal has become our biggest problem. We need a news headline that will draw him back to town. We can't just hide, Kyle. We have to let people know PC is the enemy before it's too late. The principal is going to try and make up some crazy story. That's what PC people do. You have to get in front of everyone and tell them what you've learned. But why? I came to you because I had heard how good you were at getting messages across. That and because...  I thought you were cute. Well... I can't go with you, you know. It's too dangerous. Where? Gun show?  Every time you block us, we get smarter. Every time you try to stop us, we are more. If one plan fails, we will plan another. You will never be rid of ads! PC Principal what's on the screen.]'' He can spot them.  Bro? Alright guys, now let's go back and talk about infinitives . Remember, those are verbs combined with the work "to." Now, usually an infinitive acts like a noun, as in "I want TO go out to eat" or  "I hope TO be chosen today." Now usually, it isn't common to split TO and the verb, but sometimes you can,  as in-. Is there a problem, guys? What are you talking about? God I hate this family!  Why are you always taking Stan's side?! You're always acting like Stan can't do anything wrong!  You shut up or I swear to God I'll use this!  You don't even try to know me, Dad! Okay, maybe I need to stop being so angry! Oooo-kay!  Thanks, Tom. Jimmy, the man who tried to kill you was Brian Boint, of WXNR, Fort Collins. When he saw there was no money in news anymore he sided with the ads, even though he knew it meant the destruction of our species. Back to you, Tom. Tom, it looks like a popup ad. Tom, that's Bill Keegan, WCFO. Augh!  Hi there, you got a minute for gay rights? All right, your total is a hundred twenty six thirty nine, and would you like to give a dollar to help hungry children get iPads to protect your Internet safe space today? ''Where has my town gone? Where has-''  He's one of them. Whose idea was it to revitalize the shitty part of town into an arts and foods district called ShiTpaTown? It doesn't contain. What's happened to South Park is happening everywhere.  Thirty miles south of here in the town of Fairplay, they've changed the area north od Downtown into NoDoFoPa. A rundown area south of the capital in Cheyenne, Wyoming, is now historic SoCaCheyWo. Channel Street in mid-Chicago is being revitalized into Chimichanga. LoDo, SoBro, RivMo, all happening at the same time. And it isn't just in the U.S. In Cairo, the area northwest of the third pyramid is NoWe3Pi. Three miles north of Auschwitz is NoMoAuchie. It goes on and on! Take a look at this!  It looks like he was researching this. You see this news story?  Like a rock. I drive a Chevy, I'm a cowboy, and I drive it like a rock. That's right, Tom. He was always a douche-bag at the conventions. Oh Jesus, he let her out.  Is it him?  Yes, it's him. PC Principal. I'm not one of them! I'm not one of them! My name is Classi, with an I, and a little dick hanging off the C that bends around and fucks the L out of the A S S. Mah, I don't think Nathan would like that. No. It's C-Lasssi, with an I. The little dick that hangs off the C fucks the L out of the ASS. CL-ASSSI. Truth about what? I think the ads are playin' yo' ass. Oh heeelllllll no! Oh hell no! Yo' Down's Symdrome ass just slapped me! I'mo break your dick off!   You need my help? You got it! Quick! To the Classi mobile!  Took a lot to hunt you down, PC Principal. You mind tellin' me why you're goin' around the world shootin' up revitalized arts and foods districts? Try me! You don't know what "who" are? Yes, Mr. President? I see, sir. Yes, I understand.  He's being set free now, Mr. President. Can I tell the commander why? I understand, sir. God bless you too, sir. 