  We'll find out today at recess, won't we? Oh yes, we'll find out today at recess. Good for you.  No, God damn it, no!  Who's takin' a shit?! I called dibs on Stall 1 for all recess, Craig! Son of a bitch!  Oh, no! NO NO NO! I cannot go another lunch break without my toilet time! ALL RIGHT, THAT DOES IT!  I'm going to the potty. Alright, I need to tell you something, Wendy. I'm transginger. Did you notice the bow?  Aaahhh! Don't give me any more issues than I already have, Wendy!  Dude, this is awesome. I should've used the girls' bathroom a long time ago. It's okay, Red. I can take a shit here. I'm a dumb chick too.  Because I'm transginger. I looked it up: that means I can use the girl's shitter. Yeah uh-huh, it means I live a life of torture and confusion because society sees me as a boy, but I'm really a girl. That's actually not true. I can be transginger without it having anything to do with the ginger I'm attracted to. Check the state bylaws. Erica. All I know is I'm transginger, and you can't make me go to the bathroom with the cisgingers. There's two more stall in here, gals. Go ahead. Oh my God, you guys are so cisginger. Sorry I'm different, but you can just suck my clit AND my balls. Okay, okay, okay, you guys! You know what? You know what?  Suck my clit and balls. I don't have a problem, Principal Victoria, the cisgenders have the problem.  Excuse me, are you talking about... my own special executive bathroom? OH MY GOD!!! Yeah, just go with it, Wendy, cisginger bitch! Of course, being forced into my own isolated will probably be somewhat traumatic for me. I might have to approve certain aspects of this... solitary location. Yeah sooo I'm thinking of water feature here, you know. get the sound of running water, yeah kind of Zen it out. Oh on that side? Oh, I like that. That's gonna look nice, yeah.  Oh my God, this is so awesome, you guys! It's just like at home! Yup! You know what Hillary says: "You can suck my clit and balls."  Hey, what the fuck, dude?! Do you mind? This is occupied! DUDE, THIS IS MY FUCKING BATHROOM! I want her suspended, and I want charges brought up for sexual harassment! Wendyl?! Fucking Wendyl?! Grow up, Wendy! BECAUSE I DON'T WANT A CHICK WATCHING ME GO POO! NO! I IDENTIFY AS A CHICK, BUT I'M STILL A BOY. YOU CAN'T MAKE ME SHARE A BATHROOM WITH A GIRL THAT IDENTIFIES HERSELF AS A FUCKING DUDE!  That is MY waterfall, and those are MY Christmas lights!  Dude! You need to put a tighter leash on your dog! Do you know your girlfriend's going around tellin' everyone that you're gay?!  HEY, WHAT THE FUCK, DUDE?! GOD FUCKING DAMN IT! Why don't we just have everyone use the transgender bathroom?! He's cisginger! He's so cis he wears a jockstrap to bed at night! Oh, here he comes, everyone! It's the cisginger! Think you can harass transgingers and use their bathroom?! At this school, it doesn't matter if you're trans or you're cis, right guys?!  What we have a problem with are cisgingers who are intolerant! You know what we call those? Cissies! Oh, what are you?! A cissy too, Clyde?! I don't wanna use the girls bathroom if anyone can use it! It's gonna be all crowded.  