What's going on here, students? Hey! You kids know that these teachers are doing their very best for your benefit?! I am sick and tired of students thinking they can walk all over their teachers who gave you everything they got! I tell you what else. This Friday, for pajama day at school, this class does not get to wear their pajamas.  You heard me! No pajama day for this class. Now maybe you'll remember to have some respect for your teacher!  Yeah. Alright, send 'em in.  I'm sorry, ladies. I've made a decision, and I'm sticking to it. I appreciate your sentiment, but as principal of the school, it's my job to make decisions and stand by them to maintain order. Hey! How many times have I told you kids not to bring up Nazi Germany when you don't get something you want?! Get out!  I can't believe the things these students say sometimes. What? If I change my mind now, I look weak. Yes hello, Ms. Cartman. This is the school principal returning your call. What can I do for you? Your son is part of a class that lost their pajama day privilege, correct. Well I've already made my decision, and it's final. Ms. Cartman, if you are worried about your son's safety, then perhaps you should just keep him home for pajama day. I'm sorry? Testaburger! I need to talk to you now!  Ms. Testaburger, I need you to get me out of this. I made a tactical decision. Now if I go back and say maybe I was wrong, I look weak. Zip it! I need you to get everyone in your class to work together and have Mr. Garrison come to me saying your pajama day should be reinstated. You get the girls and the boys to work together. This is your problem now, Testaburger.  What's going on, students? What the fuck, bro? Bro... What am I supposed to do?  Do you know what a principle is? A principle is something that you see as a fundamental truth. You do something that you think is right out of principle! That's why I wanted to be principal. Tell your class they can run back home and put on their pajamas. I'll hand in my resignation this afternoon. You're totally wrong about that. When all these people see I caved in to their insults and their offensive World War II comparisons, I'll be done. No, you– Wait. What did you say? No. What day is opposite day at school? Testaburger! That's it!  So we will be having breakfast for lunch in the cafeteria, and anything else you've been told to do, you can now do the opposite. 