In local news, a stomach virus is going around that is causing bleeding of the colon in some small children. Doctors are telling parents that the virus is nothing to worry about and that the infections can be dealt with simple antibiotics.  But probably the biggest event of the millennium is one happening in South Park, Colorado, where people have gathered for a chance to see Jesus Christ. Craig Netzel is standing by. 
...until the U.S. government receives this video, which was sent from Romania just hours ago. 
 It's been over three hours since the police first showed up on the scene of a handicapped boy's wheelchair set with explosives. The child can't stop or get off the chair without risking explosion, and so the SWAT team will now attempt to disarm the device. 
Last night, the daring and bold show, ''Cop Drama'' [''title screen pops up''], broke new ground by saying "Shit!" on television, making "shit" officially okay to say around the country.  Rick Watts has the story. 
The Colorado Little League State Championship is being played this week. Two teams of youngsters get to go head to head at the major-league stadium downtown. 
A tragic event is unfolding in South Park. Three convicted murderers have escaped from jail and are holding twelve people hostage at the Red Cross! 
A beloved performing orca whale has been stolen from the Denver Sea Park. A full investigation is underway, but tracking down the kidnappers is proving to be one WHALE of a problem. Thank, Mitch. It seems that this problem is almost un-BEAR-able.  Let's hope that whale is found. 
It looks like we have a smug alert here in South Park. Our own Keenan Williams has the details. Keenan? 
These latest tests are once again confirming that the performance-enhancing drug HGH was in the body of Christ at the time of crucifixion. All over the country people are having their "What Would Jesus Do" wristbands cut off. It was just last week a team of scientists found traces of HGH on the Shroud of Turin  Priests and bishops have been working overtime to remove Jesus from the record books and from The Last Supper.  The tests are done and the results are in. The little boy who claimed he never cut off his "What Would Jesus Do" bracelet did cut it off, and lied about it. Though the tests seem conclusive, Stan Marsh continues to deny any cheating. It has become the biggest concern for most people. The farmers of Belarus and their plight against their government. And now one person is taking it upon himself to end the crisis. His name? Jesus. 
Support is growing for a Colorado man who claims the way to deal with illegal immigrants is to fuck them all to death. We go live to Minnesota. 
Another local business is closing its doors tonight after being taken down by Yelp reviewers. Whistlin' Willy's, a child favorite in town, was destroyed and its owner stripped and beheaded. The following video is graphic.  
An elementary school newspaper is making big waves as more and more people say No to news on the Internet. The young editor of the paper claims that since most people now watch news reports on the Internet, they're easily distracted or even fooled by ads,  which are finding more and more clever ways to disguise them- 
Is Canada a bad influence on the United States? A group of young people called "Millennials Against Canada" thinks so, and we are joined by their leader, Kyle Broflovski. Young man, you say Canada is to blame for most of our problems. To respond to this we're now joined by the Canadian Minister of Streaming. Minister, how do you answer to these angry millennials? More and more millennials are turning into Jewish mothers today as they demand the censorship of entertainment. The protesters say they're not giving up and are demanding to speak with the President of the United States. 
The Park County School District is holding a parent meeting tomorrow, and officials are hopeful that students can return to school on Monday. The openings come on the heels that scientists are getting closer to finding the origins of the COVID pandemic. All over South Park this morning, children are getting ready for their first day of class. And as they do, scientists say they're closer to finding a vaccine. Another strain of COVID, or simply more COVID-related symptoms? A reported 1 in 10 people in Park County are experiencing mustaches, and nobody seems to know why. The Mayor has called for help from infectious disease experts, and Dr. Anthony Fauci arrived at South park Hospital today to give his advice. Citizens are asked to stay indoors and just try and relax, and maybe enjoy some of the Pandemic Special. The new outbreak in South Park is spreading rapidly, and as highways into town close and governments consider a full lockdown, one question is on everyone's mind: where is the damn pangolin?! Some speculate the pangolin took its own life, while others think that-  Sorry. Sorry, we're getting some breaking news. Oh, God. Students at South Park Elementary have broken quarantine and are now out on the loose! 
