 whole Internet history. What this will allow people to do is trace back harmful and hateful postings or emails. You see, the troll hides behind a protective layer if you will that Internet enmity provides. We intend to strip them of that protection so that everyone will know who they are. Uh, what do you mean? Oh oh, right.  This service is only for tracing the identity of trolls. Thank you. Kom ud trold, komme ud og dø. 
 Hello. Are you tired of hate speech? Are you sick of sexism and-a bigotry? Then please, help the Danish put an end to trolls. Right now, the people of Denmark are working on a biometric computer superstructure which will allow people all around the world to identify the trolls in their communities. But to make this dream into a reality, we still need your donations. We are just a few million kroners away, so please donate via the social media of your choice. Just imagine it, knowing who said what on the Internet. 
So then we don't need any more funding? Colorido? That's a very goofy name.  Hmm hmm. Go on and hide in your cave, little troll. Soon, everyone will know where you live.  Triangulate the servers. Focus everything on that area. It's time to see what these puppies can do. 
 Yes, please. You're making a very jackass of-a yourself. Well well, what do we have here? Looks like your little troll-party. We didn't trick you, your own government did. They thought if they handed you over to us we would agree not to go forward with the TrollTrace program.  contact whoever you want. Of course, you'll have to tell them why you're here. We're going to use you to set the world on fire. When the servers go online, there will be chaos, panic, and war. And from the ashes, a new world will rise: a world where everyone is happy, and singing, and has no secrets,  
All of you, remove your clothes. Remove your clothes now!  Bring him to the conference room  Freja Ollegard, the volleyball player, had a family, too. They miss her quite a lot too. You're so full of skinkinslat I can smell it from here. You really think my plan is to kill you?  Go. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go.  Do you want to know what's really funny?  Do you remember, Mr. a-Skankhunt, when you and your little buddies trolled the entire country of a-Denmark?  But, what would be even more impressive? What if you could troll the entire world? Somebody who could rise to political power through nothing more that pushing people's a-buttons and getting them all riled up, become the leader of...a Scandinavian country, perhaps, get them to listen to you when, actually... you're not even fucking Danish. Use that country to create a machine that relies on the shittiness of people to fuck over other people and watch the whole world go completely batshit.  and keep your real intentions completely anonymous. Because its freakin' hilarious! Getting a Scandinavian country to fight trolls by building a giant machine that actually shows everyone on Earth is kind of a troll, too? That's not funny?! Don't be a fag, dude! That's real bro shit there. Sorry to step on your fucking dicks in the mouth and tit jokes, you amateur little pussy. Come on! Have some fucking balls!  
Oh, no, you don't. I'm ten steps ahead of you! What's the matter Skankhunt? You just can't stand to be outdone, huh? What I'm doing is wrong? How is getting millions of people to kill themselves different from getting one person to? You can honestly stand there, as a troll, and tell me that what I'm doing isn't hilarious? How is not satirical? That's not what I'm doing. I'm showing everyone that all this stuff that they freak out over doesn't even matter. Oh, come on! So--so wait! If you do some big, outrageous, offensive thing with a positive attitude, you're a satirist, but if you're cynical about it, then you're a nihilist? That's fucking ridiculous! So maybe this is like the new post-funny era of satire. Noooooo!!! 
