 I wish I was doing better. Please Mayor, have a seat. We had a deal, Mayor. You told me this town would be the perfect place for one of our fulfillment centers.  It makes YOU look very bad. Perhaps... you should no longer be a Prime member. Then we have an understanding.  See how the worker begins to question his determination? Without his Amazon Prime Status, he fluctuates between being and non-being. Now... torn between memberships, the consumer-worker will reason that the strike is pointless. Prepare a bus. We must make sure that boxers who wish to box have a safe way into the fulfillment center. It is... not as I expected. Only one consumer worker broke through the picket lines. Your townspeople are more stubborn than I thought. Perhaps I should give up. How I long to return to Bezos and touch butts with my wife.  Amazon Fulfillment Center.  Yes, yes, the workers are striking. We're fucking working on it!  Is that so? Now those fools will pay!  Uh no, sorry, um... you say you have worker-consumers? willing to box? Very well. Stay right where you are.  You didn't tell me there was a bike parade. Everything is relevant when it comes to customers.  
Your townspeople are beginning to learn that cooperation is rewarded by fulfillment. Now there's only one true enemy who stands in our way. Tonight he's giving a talk on Marxist theory. Do you know who I am? And you are Josh, former Amazon employee who suffered a workplace accident. You were wrongly packaged into a box, and now, if anyone tries to open it, your insides will burst apart. So you seek revenge. See how the box ridicules commercialism in order to try and feel better about itself. That's very eloquent... for a box--  A box that is the last thing standing in the way of real economic progress for this town. I'm not going to do anything to you. Alexa, go ahead. Sent them in. Hello, children. Uncle Jeff has a surprise for you! Who wants a special present for the bike parade?! Whoever opens the box gets what's inside!  Heheh.  What's the matter? Afraid you wouldn't win? The bike parade was quite useful to me. You see, people will do anything to have fulfillment. They finally realized the only way to get it would be to all work for the fulfillment center. Oh, you mean your little socialist friend? Yes, he's starting to rattle his sword now, too. Alexa, kill Kenny.  Don't you see I'm trying to help? Before, there was war between classes, customers and workers at odds. All I've done is create the new class: the consumer-worker. The future. Right now your parents, your teachers, everyone you know are showing up to work at the fulfillment center, and I'm afraid you are all going to lose the bike parade.  Are you all high? Because I'm over here! NO!  
