Alright, how's the ladder going, General? Are we beating the Japanese? Saddam Hussein? But... we killed him! We secretly took him out months ago! Dear Christ, that sonofabitch just doesn't stop! That tricky bastard! Ladies and gentlemen of the UN, we have evidence that Saddam Hussein is up there building weapons of mass destruction.  We have tried to communicate with Saddam through a psychic to ask him to let us see his warehouses in heaven. But ''he'' has ''not'' "re-spond-ed". Right. Dead, and in heaven. Our intelligence tells us that when Saddam was originally killed, his soul actually went to hell. But while in hell he began a homosexual relationship with Satan, the Prince of Darkness. Satan, however, decided he didn't want to be with Hussein anymore and broke up with him around August.  Yes? I assure you, I am not high. Good. As soon as the boys finish their ladder we'll be ready to take Saddam out.  And I was dumb enough to believe Saddam could actually be up there buildin' bombs. 
SSHHUUDDUUPP!! You think we don't know your name?! We know everything! We control everything!  We've all worked very hard to keep our involvement in 9/11 a secret! But you just had to keep digging! People? You mean sheeple. We have the majority of them kept in blissful ignorance. Just one more... leak...   You've been a thorn in our side for too long, I'm afraid. Too late.   Some pigs never learn. Yes. Quite simple to pull off, really. All I had to do was have explosives planted in the base of the towers. Then on 9/11 we pretended like four planes were being hijacked.when really we just rerouted them to Pennsylvania, then flew two military jets into the World Trade Center filled with more explosives, then shot down all the witnesses of Flight 93 with an F-15 after blowing up the Pentagon with a Cruise missile. It was only the world's most intricate and flawlessly-executed ever, ever.  and get the oil which made us all richer than before. We are all-knowing and all-powerful. Good-bye, boys.  For Christ's sake, Cheney!  KILL THEM!   Boys, you don't understand. People need to think we are all-powerful. That we control the world. If they know we weren't in charge of 9/11 then... we appear to control nothing. We do that too. And most people believe the truth. But one fourth of the population is retarded. If they wanna believe we control everything with intricate plans, why not let them? 
Hello? Huh? Who. Hildog? 
