Well, it's some new big thing from Japan. I tell you, those Japanese really know how to market to kids.  There you go, son. I honestly don't know what you see in these things.  What?  What the hell is goin' on here? Hello-o? Ey, hello?  Rr-Red Harris? I own a toy store in America? 
Hello boys. Find everything you need?  Nice relaxing night at home, huh? Toilet paper  Now you kids be careful with this chewing gum. Don't go sticking it under tables. Okay. Toilet paper  ... Toilet paper  You wanted to see me, Officer Barbrady? 
Gaur da'ka? Uh oh... Can I help... you?  Chicken sandwich?  A cheeg- fry? A cheeg- fry? 
Aww, aren't you two cute holdin' hands. Are you special little buddies? 
You must have one dusty computer. 
What's this? Thanks. 
Okay. sir, looks like your total is $37.83.  Okay, and, would you like to add a dollar donation to help hungry kids around the world? Sorry?  I'm sorry, you don't want to give the dollar to hungry kids? Okay, no problem.  A window's gonna come up and ask if you're helping the hungry kids, just hit "No, I'm not." Try hitting it again. It's the box below the one that says, "Sure, I'd love to help however I can."  Oh, sure you do. That's completely understandable.  "Have customer speak on the-" Oh-okay. if you can just speak into the voice decoder and say "I'm not giving anything to the hungry kids." Okay, that's got it. So with the ice cream, the vodka, pizza pockets, and nothing for hungry kids, that's $37.83.  Oh, don't forget your change.  Thanks for shopping, sir. Next, please. Aand how are you today, sir? Oh, no problem, sir, they've updated the system so it's a lot more streamlined now. Find everything you need today? There we go, and that's... Okay, and would you like to give a dollar to hungry kids today? Oh that's right. Okay, there's a picture of a little hungry boy. Will you just press on his belly?  It's just the new change dispenser, sir.  Yes, she's a hungry one. You've gotta pull hard. Try putting your foot on her face.  Have a nice day, sir! Find everything you needed today? Okay, looks like your total comes to $37.98. Would you like to give a dollar to help feed hungry kids?  You want to give a dollar?  All right, thanks, have a great day.  Good afternoon sir. Oh, hello gentlemen. And some chocolate-covered almonds. Vanderpump Sangria mix. That's great, sir. Ice cream sandwiches. Wonderful. Rotisserie chicken. Oh yep, gotta have that Frank's hot sauce. That's great, sir. Okay, your total is $37.85, and would you like to give a dollar to help put a hamster through college? Not a problem, sir.  If you could just press the N0 button and tell the little hamster he's not going to college. Just look him right in the eye, sir, and say "Not today, buddy."  And thank so much for being so generous. 
Welcome to McDonald's. Can I take your order? 
