 Yeah? Uuh, no, but there's still some boxes coming from the movers.  Is that the movers, Satan? Oh, well, tell them I'm leavin' their check on the counter.  Those were some great pork chops, Satan. Hey, you.  You've been actin' strange all night. What's up? Well, it's... just that you've washed that same dish seven times now, silly.  Come on, Satan. You know you can tell me anything. What's up?  I wasn't ready for that. I thought you... killed him. ...Do you still love him? It's okay of you do. Well, you know what I think we should do? I think we should all get together and just talk, like adults. We're all grown men here, Satan. I wanna just go meet this guy. Oh, I know he's got the whole bad-boy thing going. But I think that's what you were attracted to. But I can be a pretty rough tumbler myself.   There you are. I've been lookin' all over for you. I have to tell you somethin' that might make you... a little mad. Well, I called Saddam Hussein and invited him over for dinner tonight. I just think we all need to get this out in the open.  Come on, Satan. We're all adults here. He was an important person in your life, for better or for worse. So, I wanna know him. If he sees that I'ma real person too, then... well, maybe he'll see how happy we are together. Satan, we're not in junior high school anymore. Oh, hello. You must be Saddam Hussein.  Oh, thank you. Satan, what the heck is wrong with you? Well, come on in. Dinner's just about ready. So Saddam. Satan told me all about how you guys almost took over the world once. Oh, well I, I actually slipped down an escalator, in a mall. Those things can be pretty sketchy. L-look, Saddam, I know that you and Satan had a relationship  that I'm totally okay with you guys staying friends. I think it's important to stay friends with people you've had relationships with.  Right. ''Hoof''. Well, I don't know about ''you'' guys, but all that ginger made me tired. Nice to meet you, Saddam! Have a safe walk back!   You take it now! I'm just... I'm just trying to be a little more naughty in bed. I uh... I know that's what you like about sex with Saddam. I'm just... showin' you that I can be that way, too.  I'm a bad boy. Yeah. Take that. But it turns you on. But what?  Okay. I love you, Satan. It's okay. It's okay. I, uh, I, I understand. ...I do. Yeah. Sure. Okay. 
 I love you, Satan. Hey, you. You... were out all night. Satan. You know you're not a very good liar. You went and saw Saddam, didn't you?  Satan, I understand. I still feel secure and safe with you.  What? What's wrong? I said it's okay. Well, what more do you want from me? Satan, I'm a '90s man. I cry when I need to. I share my feelings and I keep my mind open about everything.  Now you're starting to hurt my feelings. '''''Agghhh!'''''  'Scuse me. Excuse me. Yeah, well, where was I gonna go? Detroit? Hey, it's alright. All that matters is that I'm back, and we're together forever. Right? Yeah. It's me. Yeah... Do you have a couple of minutes to go for a walk? Yeah. Just real quick. Around the park or somethin'. No, I just want you to go for a quick walk with me. Please? Saddam, I get the feeling that you don't like me very much. Look, Satan is a very important person to me. And I know he's an important person to you, too. So don't you think it's best for us to just... try and get along? I realize that some things about me bother you. So I'd like to hear what those things are so that I can work on them. '''''Agghhh!'''''  '''''Oh God!''''' '''''Nooo! Agh!'''''  Ow!  Ow..!  '''''Aagghh!'''''  You have? Satan. Can we go for a walk in the park? Fine.  
 He sure did! 
Oh, is it someone's anniversary soon?  Just kidding.  Oh, I wonder what it is. Well, looks like we're gonna have to do somethin' extra-special for Mommy and Daddy's anniversary this year. How about on Saturday we all go have dinner at Bennigan's! Butters: Don't be silly, Mom. Of course he means you.  Butters, you're in charge of the house. Well, honey, you've painted the entire house. Three times.  Say Butters, m-I'm havin' real trouble finding an anniversary present for Mom. Any ideas? Well then, it looks like I'm gonna have to go out shopping again.    OOH! BUTTERS!  Oh God! Aaah! Ohhh!  Butters, you need... to leave here right now! You need to... get out of here, egeh... Go home and wait for me to talk to talk to you.  Oh, Jesus, no. OH, what have I done?  Butters! Oh Butters! Could you come and see me in my study real quick? Come here, son.  I wanna have a talk with you. Son, I wanted to talk to you about lying. Yes, it sure can be.  But, there are also times when distorting the truth a little, uh, is appropriate. These are called "little white lies." You see, sometimes telling a little white lie is okay. Like, for instance, when you catch your father jacking off in a gay men's bath house. Butters, the point is that, I think that if you told Mommy what Daddy was doing tonight, well, she might go completely insane. It won't? Oh, good. You... what?  Linda, I know this is very hard- I've been wanting to stop going to those places, Linda, but I couldn't. I still love you! It just... it started as some curiosity on the Internet. I would chat with other married guys in the chat rooms and... Well the things they would talk about, Linda, I, I don't know why I found it exciting. I just did, and it, and it grew from there and it spun out of control, and- eh, ugh, DAMN YOU, INTERNET! No, Linda! I don't want that lifestyle! It's just kind of an addiction. I want help. And I'm going to get help. Please, just give me a chance to make this all up to you.  We can have a normal life! Sure there is! What? Oh no.  No! No, no, Jesus! Linda, what were you thinking?  This can't be happening! This is a bad dream.  No! Linda, we- Linda, Butters is gone.  Well, our son was ab-ducted. We don't know that he's dead yet. Yes, it, it sure is. Yes, I'd I sure hope we do. Naw, Linda! Because you can't now say that the abductor is Costa Rican!  You have to learn to keep it straight! Hey, don't forget that I'm covering for you!  My lies may have been deceitful, but your lies cover up something much more horrible than anything I ever did!  Not now, Butters! Son! I don't believe it!  No-huih, no, Butters. Oh, son, why...  Oh... Uh, we're gonna need you to tell a little white lie about where you've been though, alright? No! You have to say that a Puerto Rican man dropped you off!   Now we don't really have a choice, do we?! Well you're the one who couldn't back it up wit a description, stupid! ...Butters... You're as right as rain. You bet, son. But Mommy and Daddy have something they have to do first.  We... have an announcement to make, um. Our son has been returned to us.  But, that isn't all we have to say. You see, we learned a very important lesson tonight and it took the smarts of our young son to show us. You see, I've been deceiving my wife for several months. I was going to gay movies and bathhouses and having sex with random men who were complete strangers. So you see, there was no "some Puerto Rican guy." He doesn't exist. And so the people we owe the biggest apology to are the Ramseys, Congressman Condit, and O.J. We gave you false hope for finding the person who hurt those close to you and, we're sorry. Now we're just happy we won't have to live a life of secrets. For I knew that even though some of you supported us, some others were looking at me and thinking, "You're a liar! You're a LIAR!"  You know, and, that's what people would be saying to us, and so, we just had to come forward and tell the truth. And now, if you'll excuse us, this family has to get to Bennigan's.  Let's go, son. 
Well, I guess this means the enemy is in our own backyard, so to speak. Alright, thanks, Chris. Is the weather going to turn su-  
Yes?  Oh, hello, boys. Oooo, little crime stoppers, huh? Well, I'm afraid I don't have any crimes I need solved right now. I'll do that. Have fun, boys.  
Well, come on, honey, I guess we should start packing up our things as well. A dog parade?  
 Hello everyone. Have any of you seen our son? We know, but... he hasn't been home since last night. The police have been looking everywhere, but...  
And she's... a... girl, right? Well all right! Good for you, Butters! 
Butters, never get into a car with a stranger. Unless it's a limousine. Butters, will you mind telling us why you're dressed up like a bear? Your girlfriend?  Uh, sweetheart, isn't Paris Hilton worth a lot of money? Yes, and more than three billion times his net worth. Everybody adores that girl, darling. We should be nice to her too, especially if she's in love with our son!  So, Paris, I understand you're from the prestigious Hilton family. Very nice hotels. Butters is our son. He's not for sale. Excuse me?! Ah, Butters, why don't you take Paris up to your room for a little while, uh, Mommy and Daddy have to talk. Butters, right now! Darling, Paris is a billionaire. She can give Butters everything he wants. We'd be terrible parents ''not'' to consider it. I know, darling, but look: we have to think about the rest of the family. Yes, us, the rest of the family. Ms. Hilton? Uh, Ms. Hilton. Ms. Hilton, we've talked it over all night and... while your offer is enticing, I'm afraid we just can't sell you our son for two hundred million dollars.  It'll have to be two hundred and fifty million, cash, up front. All right, Butters, tell you what: if you can raise the two hundred and fifty million dollars yourself, you can stay. It's called "working" young man! Your grandfather was a coal miner for fifty years; he never complained! Get out there and start digging!  Well, Butters, how'd it go? Did you dig up two hundred million dollars' worth of coal? Oh, well, too bad.  Ms. Hilton did raise the money, so you'll be going off with her. Oh that trouble making son of ours! Butters! Butters, you get back here or you are grounded, mister! So-so that's it? No two hundred million dollars? Well, Butters, I hope you're happy! You're a grounded old bear. 
Tom, I'm standing outside the Denver Center For The Performing Arts, where the new production of "Annie" has just premiered to cries of outrage.  who isn't actually red-haired and freckled. Joining me now is the gingers' head spokesperson, Eric Cartman. 
It's been four hours now, and Tom Cruise still will not come out of the closet. Hundreds of onlookers here have gathered here in hopes that the celebrity will finally give in. We're still not exactly sure why Tom Cruise is ''in'' the closet, but I'm being joined now by famous singer/songwriter R. Kelly. Tom, it now appears that John Travolta is also in the closet, and ''he'' refuses to come out. Here with more details once again, is R. Kelly. Oh geez, here we go with the gun again. Breaking news here in South Park. Tom Cruise and John Travolta still... will not come out of the closet. Park County police have decided to try a new method. We've just had an incredible development here, Mitch. Tom Cruise, John Travolta, and R. Kelly, have all come out of the closet!  
Tom, I'm standing in the garden of St. Peter's church in Bailey, where what some call a miracle is taking place. The statue of the Virgin Mary has started to bleed. Out its ass.  People from all over the state have flocked here to the church to witness the apparent miracle firsthand. Why do you believe the Virgin Mary is dripping blood? Why do you believe the Virgin Mary is dripping blood out her ass?  As news of the miracle spreads, hundreds are expected to show up here at the church, hoping to witness the miracle, and even cure their diseases. The crowd grows larger every hour, as the statue of the Virgin Mary continues to miraculously cry blood... out her ass. A Cardinal, Mallory, has been sent by the Vatican to determine whether this is a true miracle or not.  An update from the bleeding Virgin Mary statue! Earlier today, the new pope, Pope Benedict the 16th himself, visited the statue here in Bailey to witness the miracle firsthand.  It was an amazing sight to behold as Pope Benedict made his way through the throngs of people. The pope then examined the statue closely.  After witnessing the phenomenon firsthand, the pope then cleaned himself off and then declared that the bleeding Virgin Mary statue is not a miracle! Having investigated closely, the pope determined that the blood was not coming from the Virgin Mary's ass, but rather, from her vagina. And the pope said quote, "A chick bleeding out her vagina is no miracle. Chicks bleed out their vagina's all the time."  Back to you, Tom. 
Yeah, but Dad, why would you invite an ex-girlfriend to dinner? 
 I know. I'm ''swamped''. I've got no help here! The new waiter is useless. And, I think he's high.  I know. I'm ''swamped''. I've got no help here! The new waiter is useless. And, I think he's high. 
They know about the bomb! Well somebody tipped off the CIA. I don't know how much they know, but security has been heightened. The bomb won't make it to Boston now! With the heightened security, it's only a matter of time before they find it! I understand, comrade. Are you almost ready to set off the bomb? 
No word yet, Tom, but it could be over the embarrassment of the boob job scar video we showed just, just now. Uh, even though the timing doesn't quite work out. 
 Geoff? Why did you decide to sponsor a NASCAR driver? Yea, the other drivers are not going to be happy about this. What do you think, Mr. Hamill? Well it appears that all the other drivers have crashed and only the Vagisil car remains. Looks like you're going to win, Mr. Hamill. 
Do you have what it takes to join the Border Patrol? Border Patrol officers are looking for volunteers to help with the reverse immigration crisis. 
Excitement and revelry at South Park as a little boy has just made the General Tso's chicken joke for the one millionth time.  
Tom, I'm outside of the hottest place in town, and what we'd like to do now is take you  for an exclusive look inside.  I'm actually willing to go inside and get a shot so that everyone can see just how safe it is. Please give me a shot.  Just that one shot that could change everything. Tom, I'm standing outside the ultra-exclusive Walgreens where earlier today vaccines were taken by that group of young Robin Hoods, the Kommunity Kidz. These brave kids have taken it into their own hands to get people a shot. That's all people want, just a shot, and these boys have made it so you just might get that shot. And have a chance at hope and some happiness in this   Tom, I'm standing outside South Park Elementary, where the Kommunity Kidz were set to distribute vaccines to the public. That's when a rival gang showed up and tried to stop them, and the fighting is still going on now.  You can see behind me most of the damage is done, but it is still raging on, Tom. You can see this awful gang is trying to stop the Kommunity Kidz, just because the Kommunity Kidz believe in something and actually -- and actually care! They care enough to do something! What do you mean, Tom? Oh, yeah, well, the difference, Tom, is that you're a giant piece of shit. That's the fucking difference! You're gonna even remotely defend these monsters when Kommunity Kidz are promoting change, just -- Fuck you, Tom! I'm out!   Yeah -- yeah, I see what you did there, Tom. That's real fucking cute.  Yes, that's totally true if you're a corrupt dickhead without morals. You gotta be fucking -- Yeah, let's get back to the weather, you cunt. We've just received devastating news here at South Park Elementary. It appears that the Kommunity Kidz... are breaking up. They have asked for people to...  "Respect their privacy in these difficult times," and it appears that the strain of this pandemic, from people like you, Tom, was just too much. Yeah, here we go!You just couldn't leave 'em alone, could you, ya prick?! They broke up 'cause of you and your stupid -- wait. Wait, wait, wait. Wait a minute, what is this?  Tom, one of the Kommunity Kidz has shown up to the school... with the vaccines! 
 Ugh. I'm trying– I'm, ugh, arched as far as I can...! I-I got it–!  
