Today I am proud to announce the Tesla D, the most innovative and efficient world-friendly mode of transportation ever created. Any questions? What about it?! I am so sick of hearing about app-based ride-sharing! The future of transportation is the electric cars, not wheelchairs! If there is a way to reduce Handicar's positive publicity, then we need to do it now!  And you! You say it's theoretically possible? Who's the sheepherder? Good day to you! Shut up, Mimsy!  But I though we wanted Handicar to lose the race! Aaaaaah! 
Hello, everyone, and welcome to the tour. I'm Elon Musk. Are we gonna have some fun today? And getting anywhere takes ingenuity. Oh, Mrs. Door? Would you mind... opening, please? The only way for humankind to survive is with imagination and technology. Cars that run on electricity. Solar panels that replace roof shingles. Even food that changes form. You see this? It's a pizza, only four inches long. And yet, when heated, it expands to make enough pizza to feed a hundred people. I call it the pizza... pocket. Who would like to see the Hyperloop? A new mode of travel that can take you from here to Dubai in nine minutes. Here you see our Falcon 9 full-thrust rockets. They are actually able to take off into space and land safely back on Earth for reuse.  Well, I certainly wanna thank you all for joining our tour today. You've been a wonderful group. Give yourselves a round of applause. Mars? We're still about ten years away from going to Mars. Maybe eight. Well I'm sorry, but it's a bit more complicated than a pizza pocket. Going to Mars is gonna take a lot of very smart people working very hard for a very long time. Now, if you don't mind, I have hundreds of more tours to do.  Like... how funny? 
Uh excuse me. Sorry, can we have a word please? This doesn't seem like it's gonna work out and we're rather busy. I haven't really heard her say anything funny. 
This is amazing! And it's all thanks to you little girl, how did you get to be so smart? Well, c'mon, I wanna know everything about you. For what? That's two things. Women don't need us for comedy. They can be just as funny as men. You should meet my girlfriend. She's really smart and really funny. 
