Tom, I'm standing in front of the house where four insane boy terrorists have barricaded themselves inside a room with twenty-three live infant cattle. Several attempts to break into the room have proven unsuccessful, Tom, and the crisis is intensifying. Here's what some people have to say. The police chief of South Park says that there will be no negotiations with terrorists. Tom, it looks like I have an update: Yes, it looks like the boy terrorist story is not interesting news to anyone. Uh, nothing else was going on, Tom, so this was the only story we had to make ''seem'' important, but people are just simply tuning out. So, HBC will now be switching programming once again to "Puppies from Around the World." Tom, the calf terrorist standoff continues as now members of the FBI arrive to put an end to the conflict.  Tom, it looks as though the terrorists are now loading the baby cows into the back of a semi. This is still very uninteresting news, Tom. 
Tom, I'm standing in South Park, Colorado, where last December, eight-year-old Kenny McCormick died of a terminal illness. But now, that little boy's three closest friends miss their friend so much that they are building a ladder to heaven, in order to-  It's so sad and yet so beautiful, Tom. Here's what some people had to say. Tom, people from all over the-  Tom, it's been five days since three sweet boys set out to build a ladder to heaven and capture the nation's hearts. They've made a nation believe heaven might be up there. And it could prove to be a threat to our country. President Bush will seek UN approval for military action. But... what about your lost friend? What about your fragile innocence and believing we could all get to heaven? 
Tom, I'm standing in chilly South Park, Colorado, where the residents are entering the third day of their sit-in to try and stop Native Americans from building a superhighway through their town. The temperature is low, but spirits are pretty low, too.  Tom, it now looks as if the Native Americans are handing out blankets as a sign of good-will towards the South Park people. What an incredible display of compassion. I certainly hope there's nothing sinister behind it.  It appears this town, and this reporter, are done for. Coming up next, choosing the right hair conditioner. What you don't know about hair care products could be costing you a bundle. 
Tom, it has now been three days since the Stotch child has gone missing. Townspeople continue to search, but hope... is dwindling. 
Tom, I'm currently ten miles outside of Beaverton, unable to get inside the town proper. We do not have any reports of fatalities yet, but we believe that the death toll may be in the hundreds of millions. Beaverton has only a population of about eight thousand, Tom, so this would be quite devastating. Tom, I am standing just outside of Chicago, where the panic of global warming has already caused countless deaths. Already we're reporting that the death toll here in Chicago is over 600 billion people 
Tom, I'm standing outside the Governor's office, where in just two days, the Governor can either sign or veto the new bill allowing gay marriage. Same-sex couples from all over the state have shown up in support,  while dissenters have also converged. The governor is about to give a statement. 
Thanks, Tom, I'm here at the Denver Sea Park where, believe it or not, dozens of people have come to show ''support'' for whoever took the whale.  One thing for certain: something is certainly FISHY here at the Sea Park. Tom? 
For the first time in American history, a word has been officially banned from use. Tom, it appears that the ni**er guy epidemic is ove-  Oh dammit I said it, didn't I? 
Are we good? We live? Tom, I'm here at South Park Elementary, where officials have barged their way in after reports of Stan Marsh of the Stanground Foundation did in fact at one point remove his yellow bracelet. Rumors have surfaced that Stan did not stan his ground as previously stated, and that the wristband is in fact superglued back together. Jesus, some people might be thinking you're doing this as some kind of a publicity stunt to put to rest the rumors of your drug use? Ah I believe it's Belarus, Jesus. Um, so you think you've something here to keep the conflict from escalating, is that right? Uh huh, and now that the Belarusian farmers are all dead, what will you try next? 
And and you claim that a General Tso hired your friend, Fatass, to steal the ballots, but so far the Chinese are refusing to speak with us. Is that it? Did he just? Did he just? Little boy, the General Tso's chicken joke, a favorite for years, you've just hit the magic number, how does it feel? He's being presented with the check now, a five thousand dollar gift certificate to P.F. Chang's.  This has been a long campaign, but someone's finally done it, Wolf. 
Tom, the political activist is going around the country to get support for his agenda, and- Uh Mr. Garrison, you believe the immigration problem is easy to solve? And when you say "Fuck them all to death," what are you actually suggesting be done? 
Tom, I'm standing outside the government building where Randy Marsh is about to be arraigned. Protesters from both sides have gathered here. Some of them who are for the proceedings... ...and also those in support of ending the investigation. 
