Well, it looks like Chef, the South Park Cows coach, looks a little nervous. This is probably because his star quarterback has yet to show up. Filling in for quarterback is number 12, Kyle Broslovski. Ball snatched! Middle Park blitzes! Fumble, Middle Park gets the ball. They run it in for a TOUCHDOWN! The score is 7-nothing Middle Park, with 14:57 remaining in the first quarter. Why, I haven't seen a beating like that since Rodney King. Right, right, uh. I gotta watch that. With just over a minute to go in the half the score is Middle Park Cowboys 52, South Park Cows 0. Oh no, I haven't seen an Englishman take a blow like that since Hugh Grant. Sorry, sorry. And the South Park Cows are set to receive... There's the kick. It's taken by number 23, Kenny McCormick. He's at the 50, the 40, the 30. The little running back is down. I think he's... Yes, he's been decapitated. Ouch-a-roo! Looks like the South Park Cows aren't even gonna beat the 72 point spread, not by a long shot. And now, here to sing the touching song ''Loving You'', is the one and only, John Stamo-...s' brother... And these South Park Cows are being absolutely molested by Middle Park. I haven't seen so many children molested since... Well, this should just about wrap it up for- Wait a minute, what's this? It's Stan, the South Park star quarterback! Stan hikes the ball. He steps back to pass. And he throws it to Kyle, the little Jewish kid! Oh my! I haven't seen a Jew run like that since Poland, 1938! Touchdown! The clock runs out and the final score is Middle Park Cowboys 73, South Park Cows 6. South Park beats the spread! Stan, what do you want to tell the world about this stunning almost victory? Uh, Stanley, you arrived very late in the game, where were you that whole time? 
I told you, we don't have a record of that. And besides, - - your job is to protect the men who serve this force. Maybe you're forgetting who you're talking to! Yeah? You used to be a lot of things. Don't you turn your back on me, you! Is it? Will it... ever be enough? Well, Mitchell. I guess you're goin'ta do what you're gonna do. Let's just try and stay friends no matter what. Goodbye. Oh, and Mitchell?  You've got some shit on the side of your mouth right there. 
That sure is a mystery. Whoever did it must have been angry with the school. Oh... Oooo... I think I'm getting a clue. Yeah, this is totally giving me a clue right now. My clue is kind of pointing this way. I've still got a raging clue. Oh, let's follow that clue!  And nobody knows who's responsible? Ooo... oh, I just started getting a clue. Yeah, I'm totally getting a clue. Mine's pointing to the left. Okay, let's follow your raging clue. Gave us both a clue. I got such a raging clue that I almost shot clue goo all over Joe. It was huuuge.  
Hey, guys– I just wanna say I'm really proud to be a part of this office. Wearing our pajamas shows that we care about those school kids– that we care about other people. South Park Realtors!  What's going on, Mike? You're not wearing... pajamas. We're all wearing pajamas. We aren't telling you to wear pajamas– ''he walks over and opens the door]'' But I'm pretty sure this sign right here on the door says you have to wear pajamas! It's opposite day? Well, shit, we gotta go put some normal clothes on! Because we are people who believe very strongly in wearing pajamas to the workplace. If we're wearing pajamas on opposite day, that means we don't normally wear pajamas and we're douchebags like Mike! 
