 We've intercepted this videotape the terrorists made for broadcast. Luckily we've kept it from being broadcast to the public.   Later in the video we can see another imaginary hostage; this one reading a forced statement. Gentlemen, the terrorists appear to have complete control of our imagination. It's only a matter of time before... our imaginations start running wild. What I am about to tell you is highly classified. Two days ago, Muslim terrorists hijacked our imagination.  Frankly we don't know what their next move is or how to stop them. That's why we've asked you here, M. Night Shyal-amalam. ''[the camera zooms out a bit and shows the name tag in front of the man: the director M. Night Shyalaman] The Sixth Sense, Signs, The Village'', all very clever films. But can you use your amazing idea brain now to help us stop the terrorists? N, no. No, they're terrorists. They've been linked to Al Qaeda. No- No. That's not an idea, that's a twist. We need ideas.  Mr. Bay, can you think of any idea how to outwit these terrorists?  No no! We need ideas how to stop the terrorists!  Those aren't ideas, those are special effects! I know you don't. Get him out of here!  Aaand being that we are all big Mel Gibson film fans, we thought maybe you could help us.  Yes, uh, I don't suppose you have any creative ideas how to fight these terrorists? Yeah. Say what you will about Mel Gibson, but the son of a bitch knows story structure. Get the videotape and do a background check on everyone in it!  If that kid isn't imaginary, I want to know who he is, where he's from, and who his friends are!  Who are you?... You boys need to come with us on a matter of national security. There's no time! You need to come with us right now!  We aren't going to hurt your little friends. We just need information. 
Terrorists have just attacked... our imagination.  What we want to know is how! We need to find a way into Imaginationland; you've been there! How did you do it?! Do you realize what's goin' on here?! Terrorists have attacked our imagination, and now our imaginations are running wild!  You'd better start remembering! That's it, isn't it?! Where do the Chinese keep this portal? How does it work?  Shhh! Tom! That's super-secret. Aw, see? Good job, Tom! Why don't you just tell them everything about Project X?! THAT WAS SARCASM. I was being sarcastic, you fucking idiot!  God-dammit, Tom. Ever since the Cold War, the U.S. Government has been working on a secret project to build a doorway into the imagination. It is called "Project Imagination Doorway." According to all the tests and the data, the doorway should work, but... it never has. They've been saying that for over forty years. Song? You didn't say anything about a song before. Quick boys: how does the Imagination Song go? I'm just about through playing with you boys! We're running out of time! You have to remember that song in its entirety!  All right, that's enough! We've still got a lot of work to do, people! Its time to go in and get our imaginations under control! All right, men. We don't know what you'll experience on the other side of this doorway, but it will most likely be really weird. If you reach our imagination, you are to take every step necessary to get it under control! Are you ready? Are you ready, Kurt Russell? Yes, but you were in that one movie that was kinda like this. That gives you more experience than anybody. All right, here we go! Men! Forwaaard! What?! Sector Two??  Who the hell are you?! Get him out of here! Let me see that!  Why would you agree to suck someone's balls? All right, you two can go use the conference room. Go on, we have work to do here. Kurt Russell, can I get a comm check? Good luck men! Godspeed!  What do we have?! Kurt Russell, can you hear me? What do you ''see'' in there? Ask the squirrel what it knows about the terrorist attack. What? What's the matter? Kurt Russell, what's going on?! Get out of there, Kurt Russell! Talk to me! What's going on?!  Look out!  Reverse the doorway! Send it back through! He's gone, little boy. We have no choice. Terrorists have attacked us where we are most vulnerable. There's no other option.  
We were hoping to keep this quiet until it was all over, but, two days ago there was a terrorist attack on our imagination, and now our imaginations are running wild. By attacking our imagination the terrorists have found our most vulnerable spot. And we've determined that the best course of action is to nuke our imagination. We tried that! And Kurt Russell was raped by Christmas Critters! Thank you. All right, people, I want this nuking done by the books. What?! Sector 2?  What? All right, enough! Keep that kid out of the way and let's get back to the nuking at hand! Prepare for launch... What?! Sector 2?  The hell are you doing back here?! Why is it so easy for children to break into the Pentagon?! If I'm not mistaken, you're the one who bet that leprechauns weren't real. So why do ''you'' care what happens? Abort the sequence.  There's been an abort, Mr. Gore. That's true. You did. 
