<poem>''His name is Garrison, Mr. Garrison. He lost ten pounds takin' Jared's lead-''</poem> There he is, beatin' that dead horse!  Cuh-can you imagine what we thought when you said, "Aides for Everyone Foundation?" Then it's time... We can undo the banner!   
All right, children, the school board has mandated that I must now teach class in both present-day English and Futurespeak. So, with that in mind, let's continue our lessons on verbs. Remember that there are transitive verbs such as  "The 11:15 bus from Denver arrived twelve hours late." Or in Futurespeak, "Vvut." Thank you, aging, hippie, liberal douche. Okay, now let's get back to it, kids. What kind of verb is this?  "The sad girl puts balls in her mouth." Or, in Futurespeak of course, "Gluch gligh balls glych gligh." 
Oh, Jesus, not PETA again. All right, children, I have just been informed that since our school has been attacked by eco-terrorists for the 47th time, we ''are'' going to change our school mascot. That's right, Stanley, the eco-terrorists win.  Now, I have here a mascot selection sheet. Every student is supposed to check the box next to the mascot they like the most. And the most popular selection will be the school's new mascot.  Ge-get outta here, PETA! We're changin' the mascot already!  Go on, get outta here. Now children, it's not that bad. There's plenty of great new mascots on the sheet to chose from. The Hurricanes, the Blizzards, the Redskins, the Indians... No, those are fine. PETA doesn't care about people. Attention students, we have tallied your mascot nomination sheets, and there will now be a school-wide vote between the top two nominations. So here is the first most-requested candidate, a giant douche.  And now your second nominee, Turd Sandwich.  Students can now cast their choice between the Giant Douche and the Turd Sandwich. We'll count up the votes on Tuesday.  
Hey everybody, it's time!  It's time! Get down to Metzger's Field! It's about to happen!   Well what are you doing here, Randy? Let's burn it down!  Yeah, lets all shop over at True Value! 
Oh, looks like somebody else is doin' a little partyin' tonight. Oh yeah, sure, you're just buyin' that for your bad coughs, right?  
Oh, hello Wendy. Are you all right? F-from from me? Well sure, come on in. Mr. Slave is right over here.  Mr. Slave, little Wendy from class wants to see you. ...Oh dear. Mr. Slave, I think you and Wendy better have a little talk. I'll make some cocoa. Give him time, Wendy. Give him time.  Come on, Mr. Slave. Now, that's a whore!  
Alright, now the French Revolution was basically started by a young man named Marius.  ...uh, the French government at the time was led by Javert, who was trying to- 
