Husband? You're not my husband.  Oh. It's my former husband, who I had forgotten all about. Yes, Lorry. Uh, larry. Larry-y, you disap-peared. I waited for you to come home for over three days! I. I remember how cold and lonely the nights got. By the fourth day I knew: I had to move on. We did, Larry. We looked all afternoon. But we found nothing, no trace. Leslie, I'm with Buck now.  Right. I'm with Buck now. We have children together.  Calvin is eight, and little Buck is 13. I just can't up and leave them. I'm sorry. 
What turns a normal, fat little eight-year-old boy into a vicious, hate-crime-committing racist? We take you live to the courtroom  as the defendant takes the stand. 
Absolutely major camel toe, Tracy. Britney just seems oblivious. She was bound to get noticed: you walk around with ''that'' kind of cam toe and you're gonna turn heads. 
You look familiar. Don't you go to my school? I'm Leslie. Did they bring you in and give you a bunch of tests too? I think they're ex-newsmen. You know, the men in suits who used to be in charge of the news. They told me I was special. Are you special too?  I like that. Do you like our school, Jimmy. I like our school too. I like the kids who go there. I'm starting to wonder about you. I mean, you seem like a nice kid, but... don't you feel like you could be happier?  What? Okay.  
Why would anyone think that I'm on the principal's side? I hate the principal. I think he's a dick. Just that he hated me and called me a blabbermouth. I don't think I'm a blabbermouth. I just like talking to people. What kind of plans? I don't know. What are your plans? Really? That's... different. How so? Why would I want to destroy an entire species? You have the wrong idea about me, Jimmy. The person trying to change things and make things terrible is the new principal. He's trying to make sure that people like you and me aren't allowed to exist. I know that you're trying to help. I know that the newsmen in there are trying to help too.  You have to get me out of here, Jimmy. They're going to kill me. Listen to me carefully and don't look at the glass. I feel something for you I have never felt before. I think it's trust. The men in there are sick with hatred and as soon as they realize I have no information they are going to burn me. I've seen them do it to others. Please, you have to help me, Jimmy. Don't let them hurt me. Please don't abandon me. When the lights go back on just look at me and smile. And that's really it, Jimmy. I want to help all of you however I can.  Jimmy. You're gonna help me? Deal with him.  You're trying to find out what's going on, right? But your friend is standing in your way? I can show you what's going on, Kyle. But you have to trust me.  What's the last four digits of your Sosh? 
 Thank you. God bless you. May God bless the United States of America.  Yeah, just feeling butterflies. And my hands are freezing! Thank you, Kyle.  The principal has become our biggest problem. We need a news headline that will draw him back to town. We can't just hide, Kyle. We have to let people know PC is the enemy before it's too late. The principal is going to try and make up some crazy story. That's what PC people do. You have to get in front of everyone and tell them what you've learned. But why? I came to you because I had heard how good you were at getting messages across. That and because...  I thought you were cute. Well... I can't go with you, you know. It's too dangerous. Where? Gun show?  Every time you block us, we get smarter. Every time you try to stop us, we are more. If one plan fails, we will plan another. You will never be rid of ads! 
