Well, I can assure you that it has absolutely nothing to do with the Japanese Mafia. 
I noticed! Call the National Guard! Ohohohoh, we'll get you, you bitch. And to think I actually ''watched'' your HBO special. 
Sure you are, Chef. I'll give a hundred more for another romp. 
You're telling me that students from Mr. Garrison's class actually did something that had some kind of relevance to the world? Mr. Garrison, the guy with the puppet? Well, I must say, Garrison, perhaps you're not as stupid and crazy as I always ''tell'' people you are. Well, I can't just shut them down, this is a free country. Look, the best I can do is create a proposition. We'll call it Prop. 10. The town can vote on it, and if it passes, we'll see what we can do. So I guess you wanna do some campaigning. <br>  Alright, what's next.  All right, men, we'll throw up the stage here. Before the vote we'll get a band ''every''one likes, like uhhhh, like... Like Toto. And then the Harbucks guy will have five minutes to speak and the boys will have five minutes to speak, and then the town votes. 
Sure sure sure, be my guest, knock your socks off. 
Ooh, yes. How are you? Right over here.  What? Oh, neato. Hope. Why, that's a ''perfectly'' beautiful name! No, Garrison, you'll just try to have sex with it! Garrison, you remember what happened to the wounded pigeon you were supposed to take care of?!  Here with more on the status of the jakovasaurs is Department of Interior guy. And now, the little boy who first discovered the jakovasaurs, Eric Cartman!  We'll just leave you two lovebirds alone. She's a cannon!  Now, folks, I know we're all a little worried about the jakovasaurs, and I want to hear you all out! All right, all right. It's obvious we have to do ''some''thing, but we can't just make them leave. But where? Jakovasaurs are big, loud, annoying, and stupid. Where would they fit in? Yes, Memphis.  You jakovasaurs would love it there. But everyone in South Park wishes they could live in Memphis. Right?  ''Now'' what do we do? You have? You can't leave.  Hello! Yes. Yes, Jakov. You're calling about the game show. Congratulations! Will you do it?! We've got 'em! All right. The boys here will keep little Eric Cartman distracted. Meanwhile, we get rid of the jakovasaurs and bring some ''normalcy'' back to this town! Ready?  Now remember, Barbrady, all you have to do ''is lose!''  And, all one of you lucky contestants has to do is answer only ''one'' of these questions! Are you ready, players? Okay. Hands on your buzzers.  You have to wait until I ask the question first. That's okay. Hands on buzzers. Will somebody please unplug the God-damned buzzers?!  Now, ''can'' we get on with this? First question: What color is blue?  What? What? Blue is-? Nono. Hang on.  You're supposed to ''lose'', you idiot! Just don't answer any more questions, got it? Sorry, folks, a little mix-up. We're playing best out of three! What's two plus two, Jakov? Jakov, what is your name?  Oh, screw it. Jakov wins!  You and your entire family are going to wonderful and exotic France! All right, everybody. Let's get them to the airport!   I know it's hard, Eric, but I've learned something today. You see, animal species come and go. It's all a part of natural evolution. Well, then. What say we all go get some ice cream! 
People, please! We can only speak one at a time. Now, Mr. Garrison, you were saying... Alright, people, Mr. Hirohito and Mr. Ose were nice enough to stop by to talk to you. Gentlemen?  O-kay, people. I know this Chinpuku Man fad is causing a lot of problems. But I think we've already found a solution. Children are fickle.  All we have to do is come up with a new fad. We find the next toy and turn them all onto it as soon as possible. 
All right, everyone. Welcome to the 15th Annual South Park Spelling Bee Finals!  This should be very interesting. We have with us twelve of the brightest spellers from South Park Elementary. And, joining us this year, are the two home-schooled children, Rebecca and Mark Cotswolds!   All right, Mark. Your word is "conscientious." Closely attentive to details. Careful. Mary's analysis of the spreadsheet was... conscientious. Okay, our next contestant is Eric Cartman.  Eric, your word is "chair." Something you sit on. English!  Oh, for Christ's sake, kid! The word is "chair"!! All right, we're down to just three finalists. First up is Rebecca Cotswolds from home school.  Alright, Rebecca. Here's your word: littoral. Having to do with a lake or ocean. Gary was most interested in the littoral features of Michigan.  Correct! Now we have Kyle Broflovski.  Here we go. Krocsyldiphithic. Krocsyldiphithic. Something which has a krocsyldiph-like quality. Certainly. "Krocsyldiphithic" is a hard word to spell. Congratulations, Mark and Rebecca.  
Great and noble alien creature. As Mayor of the fine planet of Australia, I welcome you to our fine... planet of Australia. Chippy chip. Look out, he's got a gun!  Oh.  Oh, I think he's tryin' to tell us that he wants to relocate all his species here to Australia. Well, you certainly are all welcome 'ere, alien. In fact, there's a mission right over there that will take ''all'' your people in.  Guess the little pecker doesn't like missionaries. 
Gentlemen, I understand you are here to present both sides of an issue. I wanna hear you both out and do this in a civil and constructive manner so that I can give you both the time and attention you deserve. Jimbo, why don't you begin?  Oh, Jesus Christ, not this again! Ahalright, Chef, I'll have my assistants hold up the flag.   Oh, boy. Oh brother, what now?! Ooh, Jesus. What a mess. Chef, we realize that you find the South Park flag racist, and we certainly understand your case.   Well, ''some'' people just won't work with you at all. This is getting out of hand. How do I absolve myself of an responsibility with this? Yes, of course. Let the children be responsible. Everybody loves children. Tell the press. South Park Elementary will be holding a vote on Friday! What? This ''has'' been an interesting week in South Park. We've all done a lot of growing this week.  
 Ogh! This is terrible, Johnson! Our whole town's economy is going right in the toilet! We've got to get everybody back in the Christmas spirit! Meugh. Send them in. You do?  An animated Christmas card. Kids, that just may be the dumbest idea I've ever heard, ever! But at this point I'm willing to try anything. Johnson, cut them a check for three hundred dollars.  This kids better make a good Christmas movie, Johnson. If people in this town don't start shopping again, we're ''all'' gonna be out of jobs next year. It's alright, we've got a clean-up crew coming.  Oh. Mr. Hankey, it's you. How wonderful. Citizens of South Park, the Colorado Film Commission is pleased to present to you a work by some of our very own South Park children.  We know that after you see this darling short film,  you will all feel the mighty glow of the Christmas spirit once again. Boys? Uhuh, just hang on folks. We seem to be having some technical difficulties. Well, thanks a lot, kids. Great idea you had there. Now everyone is more disenfranchised with Christmas than ever. We want our three hundred bucks back! Fine. Then we'll sue you.  They're starting to understand, Johnson.  Kids, that cartoon was fabulous. How would you like to have your own show and make 100 more of them? 
Little boy, you don't understand how serious this is. Tom Cruise has put together a class-action lawsuit, along with 200 other celebrities! Thank you so much for coming, Muhammad.  Muhammad, would that be okay? You've done this town a huge favor, Muhammad.  What?! Jesus, what are we supposed to do?! 
Not now, I'm having problems!  Founder and CEO of Amazon Jeff Bezos? Okay, okay, uh, let him in.  How have you been? Oh, thank you.  I guess you're here because of the... strike. And it has been. It it gave so many people jobs.  And I'm not really sure why everyone is so...  Please! I-I'm trying to get everyone back to work. I-I'm going to do everything that I can. They're... prideful people, yes. I didn't think it was relevant. 
 I thought the fulfillment center would be nothing but great for the town. Instead it's... it's buried us. We... We had to get rid of Mr. Hankey. No. He um.. he tweeted some uh... inappropriate things. 
Right. Except there was no Mexican Joker. It was you who blew up people's yards because they were home-growing their own marijuana. The Tweeks have come forward with some footage caught on their security camera. Run the footage, please!  People are fed up, Marsh. The past few weeks you've held parades for yourself, needlessly slaughtered a thousand cows, made deals with the Chinese, and nearly poisoned everyone with your Halloween Special. Everyone's had enough of Tegridy Farms. You'll be taken to county jail to await your trial. Get him out of here.  Well. At least now South Park can start getting back to normal. In the South Park vs. Tegridy Farms matter, we are now ready to proceed with the arraignment. Before doing so, Mr. Marsh, do you have any words? 
, everyone. We hope your and your loved ones enjoy all your favorite holiday traditions.  Nobody's out shopping. The town is dead. Our economy depends on the holidays. There's only one thing we can do. We're going to have to ask an old friend for help... and hope that he somehow forgives us. Mr. Marsh, South Park needs you. Everyone's down in the dumps. Nobody's buying presents or going to holiday events. We think that... a little weed might put everyone in a better mood. We understand, but couldn't you do like a limited-edition run just to get people through the holidays? Yes. South Park needs Tegridy Farms. I'll tell you how.  Because you're Randy Marsh, and there's one thing you have that nobody else does. Tegridy. Thank you, Marsh. May God bless Tegridy Farms. We need to talk, Marsh!  , what exactly is in this Christmas snow? Nonono, what is the white stuff on the marijuana? WHAT??? What is wrong with you?!  We can't have you selling this stuff in town! COCAINE IS ILLEGAL! Jesus Christ, you can't just give people coke without them knowing! We could all go to prison! It- it is?  
