Some things are more important than money.  The people of South Park count on you to give them that first cup of coffee every day. Oh, hello, son. How was your day? Well, have some coffee boys. I'll brew up another pot for later. Hoh, you'll like this coffee. It's fresh. Richard! Now, Tweek, how many times do we have to tell you? Your underpants are missing because you ''lose'' them, not because of underpants gnomes. Honestly, Richard. I don't see why you have to preach to some eight-year olds. My goodness. That's going to be a huge coffee house, honey. Liike, how do you mean?  Oh, that. He has ADD, attention deficit disorder. That's why he's so jittery all the time. I have a big problem with this. We are just using those boys for our benefit. They have no idea what they're saying. You don't just throw a child in a political commercial to sell your beliefs. I won't be a part of this anymore.  These boys are absolutely right. We've been using these poor kids to pull at your heartstrings for our cause, and it's wrong. We're as low and despicable as Rob Reiner. You keep protesting and complaining, but did any of you ever even bother to ''taste'' Harbucks coffee?  Harbucks coffee got to where it is by being the best. Don't you think you should at least try it? 
It's true. I was.  Well what, honey? Yes, I ''think'' that's right. 
Oh my, he looks terrible. 
 Tweek. Tweek? Come to the kitchen, sweetie. We need to see you real quick.  You know never to talk to strangers, right Tweek? You can't trust anybody. It's just a precaution, sweetie. Probably nothing will ever happen.  What if that had been a child abductor ''pretending'' to be a police officer, Tweek? 'Night, pumpkin.  Tweek, Tweek, are you okay? Uh... I'm just going to go upstairs and see if Tweek is still in his bed. It's okay. I can do it. That I don't abduct him? How do I know that you haven't done it already? That's not what the new study says! 
How are they able to do this with their smartphones? Oh well, guess we'll just have to live without our informative crime drama. 
I don't even understand what that was about. It's Mark Zuckerberg. 
Told you our furniture sucked!  
