Alright, listen up. My name is PC Principal. I don't know about you, but frankly I'm sick and tired of how minority groups are marginalized in today's society. I'm here because this place is lost in a time warp! Students who still use the word "retarded"! A teacher who said women without wombs should get an AIDS test! A chef "person of color" who the children had sing soul songs and who the children drove to kill himself!  And that's two days' detention for you, young man! We'll see you at 4! Let me ask you this. We're in Colorado, right?! Where are the Hispanic kids?! Huh?! Where are the ethnic and racial minorities?!  And that's two days' detention for you, Mackey! Congratulations! I Googled South Park before I came here, and I cannot believe the shit you're getting away with! People claiming to be advocates of transgender rights, but really just wanting to use the women's bathroom!  A white man who thinks he's Chinese and built a wall to keep out Mongolians. What the fuck is this?! Are you fucking kidding me?! I'm telling you all, this is done! Like it or not, PC is back, and it's bigger than ever! Weoo-weoo-weoo You hear that?! That's the sound of 2015 pulling you over, people! Suck it!  Have a seat. I've been talking with your child, and we're gonna be giving him two weeks' detention. Your son said some things to a fourth-grade girl that frankly make me wanna puke! Now that I'm principal, I'm not gonna allow  anyone at this school to be made feel unsafe and harassed!  beautiful woman who had the exquisite bravery of a butterfly flying against the wind. And then this shit comes out of people's mouths! You got a fuckin' problem bro?! 'Cause it's not Bruce fuckin' Jenner! It's Caitlyn, and she's a fuckin' stunning woman! Or maybe you're the one teaching him to demean women in the first place! HUH?! What's up?! What's fuckin' up, bro? Get the fuck out of here, dude!   Hey! What seems to be the problem here, gentlemen?! I'm PC Principal. No way! There's more PC bros here? Sweet, bros. Texas A&M. Bro, I had no idea there were like-minded individuals in this town that defended social minorities. We should all hang out. What are you doing in the faculty bathroom? What the fuck are you talking about?  What? What did you just say? "Capiche"?! You're associating Italian-Americans to intimidation tactics?!  Did you just use a term that excludes women from an occupation?!    You dare to use words that alienate two communities of people who have to deal with verbal biases like yours on a daily basis?!  All right pledgies, we're excited. You wanna try and be PC. We hope you've got what it takes to join the most socially active group in America. You know, there's still some people out there that say "What does being PC really mean?" Well, I'll tell you what it means. It means you love nothin' more than beer, workin' out, and that feelin' you get when you rhetorically defend a marginalized community from systems of oppression. All right, pledges, listen up. Congratulations on making it to the final cuts.  Now it's time for the final test. So what you're gonna have to do, to prove you belong with PC, is go out there, and check someone's privilege. Topher, can you explain "check your privilege" please. Yeah, see, there's some people out there like Brett fucking Favre who think that when we all stand up and applaud Caitlyn Jenner at the ESPY Awards, he can get away with one of these bullshit claps!  It's called "clapping" Favre! What the fuck are you doing?! Washing your hands?! You're either on board, or you're NOT, bro! Now, if he's gonna bring shame on someone, then he can have his privilege checked and have a little shame brought down on him!  No. 'Cause there's somebody even worse now. I gotta hand it to you, Marsh. You really checked that little boy's privilege. Using those Syrian refugees was genius, bro. You're not only PC, you've actually changed my PC.  Congrats. Here's your Oakleys. 
You really think you can refer to an undocumented immigrant as a "Canuck"?! So did you forget that at eight and eleven all Canadians face east and play Chuck Mangione?  Or did you not care to find out about their religious customs? Then you need to be teaching in both languages from now on! Mackey, sign the faculty up for Canadian-language night classes! You're on thin ice, Garrison! Get in line or you'll be out of a job, bro! Alright everyone, listen up. In order for better understanding we've asked students of Canadian origin to introduce you to their culture and  - to introduce you to their culture and customs. So let's give them our undivided attention as they take us on a whirlwind journey through their diverse history. Garrison, what do you think you're-? That's it Garrison! You are fired from South Park Elementary! 
 Hey bro, I'm the new principal of the school. My name's PC Principal. That's right. You know, I think it's changed a lot. I really do. I've seen some real progress. Definitely had some holdouts - people who went kicking and screaming into 2015, but yes, I think they deserve it. 
So these guys made fun of your weight and made you feel ashamed? Alright, why don't you take me back to what happened?  Hey! You got a fuckin' problem, Mackey! Because body-shaming is fuckin' serious, and I'm not gonna allow that shit in my school! ''[faces Cartman''] Nobody should have to feel that kind of shame! Morning, Kyle. Have a seat right there.  Well, Eric and I have been talking, and we've decided it's probably best for him to get off of social media. So what we're looking for is a student volunteer. Somebody who can put the things Eric wants up on the Internet for him and also filter through all the comments and make it more of a safe space for him. That's right. Kyle, you know what body-shaming is, right? How much it can hurt someone's life? All you have to do is check out all the comments, type out just the positive ones, and give that to Eric on paper. Okay, Kyle, well maybe you'd like two weeks' detention instead. You sure about that? That's two weeks' detention for you, bud! I'll see you at 4!  And when we said someone should probably help Eric by filtering out any negative comments, he mentioned you by name. Nothing funny about this, Testaburger! This is a big problem in our country! And that's two weeks' detention for you! Congratulations!  You want detention? Then you start today! Butters, it's your job to make sure Eric has a safe space. Alright everyone, listen up. In order to better understand the negative effects of body-shaming, we have a-  Hey, Seagal! Listen, that was a really amazing talk you gave to the kids. I can see that you're in a lot of pain, bro. I've got someone who I think can help. So I want you to do for Mr. Seagal the same thing that you're doing for Eric Cartman. This man took the time to come to your school and help spread body-shaming awareness! I think you can give him a little of your time! You know, if there's one thing I really respect, it's plus-sized models who challenge the idea of what makes a woman beautiful. These ladies are gonna be part of a big ad campaign for plus-sized lingerie, and we wanna make sure they're protected from any harassing comments. Hey, they're gonna putting themselves out there, and all I'm asking you to do is go through their social media and delete the two or three comments that are mean. I know it's a lot, but I just really need you to help these plus-sized models. And Vin Diesel. Look bro! You've done an amazing job with Eric Cartman. You have really turned his life around, and other people deserve... to be as happy as he is. <poem><i>Your safe spaaaace.</i></poem> <poem><i></i></poem> I guess... I asked too much of one kid. 
Alright, everyone, listen up.  from our Asian-American students presented by our student-body president, Wendy Testaburger. Alright, guys, I know there have been a lot of rumors flyin' around. Just wanted to check in, see if you have any questions for me. What's wrong with being gay? Nothin' wrong with that. That is completely irrelevant! Okay? What matters, and the reason I brought you in here, is that you understand affirmative consent. IF there is a romantic relationship here, you have to make sure your partner is comfortable with any sexual exploration. Now in a gay relationship it gets a little trickier, but you still have to follow some guidelines, alright? I don't care about that, bro! Tweek, if, and I'm only saying if, at some point you wanted to touch Craig's penis, you can't just go grabbin' for it. Alright? You need to say something like "Craig, is it alright with you if I touch your penis?" Okay? Let's try it out. You want two weeks' detention instead?! This shit's important! Okay, good. Now, Craig, you might say "You may touch my penis. I'm comfortable with that.".  Or of course you could say "No, you may not touch my penis at this time.". Okay. Now we're getting somewhere. Now, Craig, what would you say if you wanted to take a gander at Tweek's asshole? Hello, Mr. Tucker. I need to inform you that your son was in an altercation at school today. Yes, with his boyfriend. Just a lovers' quarrel, probably.  Something to be expected in relationships. Apparently there were no affirmative consent issues, as your son knows the right way to play with another boy's penis. There's not gonna be any disciplinary action since they are gay. We wanna be supportive, so we're just gonna send them on home with some money, alright? Alright, you have a nice day. 
There she is, officers, right there. I told you to stop chatting with your friend, didn't I, Leslie? You  That one. That's her right there. You remove her from my school. Get her out of here!  Waaaah! 
 When I find out who did this!  Broflovski! Was it you? I just saw a copy of the school newspaper in which a student used the word "retarded" to refer to our cafeteria lunch policy! The word "retarded" does not belong in our school!! Who is in charge of the school paper?! 'Cause I'm about to break their fuckin' legs! Alright, uhh, I I guess we haven't formally met before. Uhh, the reason I need to talk with you, Jason, is because of a very important- Alright, Jim. Thank you. I want to talk to you today about the use of the R word in your school paper.  You see, the 'R' word is very bad. Says me. Right? Now I know a thing or two about the rights of people with disabilities. When you use the 'R' word to describe the school's lunch policy, it can hurt people's hearts.  Can you understand that at all? ...Okay, well, from now on I'm gonna need to approve the school paper before you hand it out, okay? What'd you say? Look, I don't wanna get angry, okay? No, I'm not. I am very not uncomfortable. Alright, look, unless I can approve your paper, it is not being distributed on campus, you got that? Not unless it is approved by me. Do you understand?  Who does this kid think he is?! Challenging me?! I said one micro-aggression to him, okay?! One little micro-aggression! But that doesn't mean I have an unconscious bias towards people with disabilities! But why would a person with a disability not see that what I'm trying to do is actually protect them? You're right. This kid just needs to be shown he's being an Uncle Abel. I can always count on my PC frat brothers to have my back. Let's go PC! Alright Jim, I know you've been trying to wrap your head around some of the social issues he discussed yesterday. I'm sure you're feeling confused and a little unsure of yourself. Okay, well, no, you are confused- Because you don't grasp the severity of this, and that's why I brought in another young person with disabilities to share his feelings. Thanks for comin' in to talk to us, Nathan. Me too, bro, me too. Nathan, could you tell Jimmy how you feel when people uwe the word "retarded"? You feel bad, right. You feel like that's a no-no word, right? Okay, wow, that's pretty heavy. Pretty heavy, huh Jim? I am not uncomfortable! I simply care about a horrible, outdated word that is exclusive, ignores individuality, and equates intellectual disa-bility with being...  And it's, and it's, s-spot, I need a spotter, spot me, somebody spot me bro!  McKinsey, you got consent forms? Rise and shine guys. If you scored last night, I'll need your consent forms.  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you-whoa! Barker, did you perform cunnilingus? There's a different release form, bro. Nice. What, bro? Yeah? Naturally.  What the fuck is this bro? That's not true!! That little fucker, dude!  All I know is that I don't speak up for minorities so that I can crush pussy. PC people are under attack. That's what this is. No, Topher! It's not about puss, alright?! The fuck is wrong with you?! We're being labeled as meatheads who just wanna crush puss by an intolerant newspaper! Yeah. And like, if you're gonna belittle and make fun of PC people like that, then who's to say he won't do it to other marginalized groups like us? I mean, this kid could be the next Hitler. And if you guys could stop Hitler, what would you do? Nooo! I came to this town really thinking I could make a difference. I've been called a bigot towards persons with disabilities. I've been called...  Jimmy Valmer is off the school newspaper. I want you to take over. And I will be reviewing your paper to make sure nobody is ever attacked the way I was again. Jimmy almost made me lose confidence, but I know who I am. I know what I am! Yeah? Dude!  What the fuck, bro? Bro! What the fuck, bro?!  What the hell is going on, bro?! Bro, what the hell is going on, bro? 
Alright everyone, listen up. I don't know about you, but I for one am sick and tired of hate speech that serves to marginalize others.  An African-American flips a turtle over on its back. A transgender Filipino comes and sees the helpless turtle baking in the sun. What color is the Filipino's father?  You wouldn't believe me if I told you.  I don't know what they are, but they used me and others like me to try and change this planet. Huh, ain't that a peach? HEY LESLIE!  Alright everyone, listen up. I don't know about you, but I for one am sick and tired of all the hate speech and micro-aggressions against our species.  The bottom line is that the only thing that distinguishes those who want to kill us from those who don't is that we have the burning desire for social justice. We are at war, but the only way to win this war is to be as understanding, non-biased, and politically correct as possible. 
Alright, ladies. First of all I wanna say that I completely respect your decision to protest our national anthem. Thought it was sweet. I believe you shed some light on some very important issues regarding gender equality. Ladies, I understand you're upset about the trolling you've received on the Internet, but there is no evidence that Eric Cartman is Skankhunt42. Well he claims that he's been working at changing himself and the world around him.  Send in Mr. Cartman. Mr. Cartman, I'm gonna ask you one more time, are you or are you not the Internet troll Skankhunt42? 
Alright boys, I've had just about enough of playing games.  We have a gender war on our hands! Make no mistake, gentlemen! Our community is under attack! And if we don't get to the bottom of it... there's gonna be more students like Eric Cartman... wandering the hallways with no connection to the rest of the world. 
Make no mistake! I want to be very upset. However, as a community, we have all decided that people have the right to protest the National Anthem.  But they did so peacefully and without malice towards others. I want you to understand something, ladies.  and the only difference is that their protest included physical gestures, then I'm body shaming! That's what happens when you sit out the National Anthem. 
Alright everyone, listen up. This school is falling apart, and it needs to stop. Boys are harassing girls, and girls are stereotyping boys as- Not now, Mr. Stotch! Put it away! Now I've asked for some ideas and a couple of students wanna try and help. Please welcome Heidi and Eric.  
Alright everyone, listen up. I know that many of us were shocked to the core with last night's election. But we cannot allow our school to be any further divided. It is time to try and start the healing process, and so here, to try and help us heal, is Bill Clinton.  
God  How the fuck did this happen?! I told you to leave me alone, Mackey!  I'm not in the mood! Uh, not at all. Please uh, have a seat, Mr. Garrison. Uh, please have a seat, Mr... President. Certainly want to uh, congratulate you on the election. I know we've had some differences, uh... I'm sorry that your position here at the school was terminated.  
  Entree.  Yes, Eric, how can I help you? Well, unfortunately, this week is Distracted Driving Awareness Week at school, so you might have a hard time. A lot of people. There's more deaths now because of people on their phones while driving than ever before. Entree vous. Gary Borkovec was a good student. He didn't deserve to be taken away by someone not paying attention to the road. I don't know what more you want from me, bro. I can give you two student volunteers and one pigeon. Maybe you should. Maybe you should. All right everyone, listen up. Tonight, one of our students has put together a song about a very important issue. It's a song about how there are certain times to not be on your phone. I hope you all listen carefully.  
Excuse me, can I help you? That's right, the science fair is this Saturday from 10 am to 2 pm. Oh, dude. Bro. All right, everyone, listen up. Give me your attention please. Due to circumstances beyond our control, we are cancelling the Special Ed Science Fair.  
Alright everyone, listen up. As you know, there's been a lot of bullying and insensitivity at our school. To counteract this, it is my firm belief that South Park Elementary is in desperate need of s a strong woman. So in looking for a new vice principal, we wanted to find a powerful, intelligent, and independent female to be a role model for us all. And with that said, I'd like to introduce our new vice principal, Strong Woman.   Hey! Stotch! You do not disrespect Strong Woman by talking when she's talking! Oh. Uh, I was just making sure everything was uh- Shit. I mean, no, sorry, sorry, I'm not u-, uh, here you go.  From everyone! No. NO! Sorry, I thought I'd... add, just add for emphasis. No-I, I'm... Uh, I'm sorry.  Alright, now if we have any q-  Right, right, uh, I'm sorry. Every- pay attention everybody! Alright, everyone. Listen up. As you all know, we've been looking for a strong woman to take on the role of vice principal at this school. We couldn't be happier with the selection we've made and we're sure she'll be making our school a better place. So with that let me turn over the floor to our new vice principal, Strong Woman.  E-excuse me everyone, I um, I need to get to the restroom. Sorry, I'll be right back.  That's right, I'm PC Principal. I'm uh... having this problem with my ears. There's like a persistent kind of ahh ringing going on. It's um, Hootie & The Blowfish. Yeah, uh, ahem, there's a new woman that has joined our faculty. Her name is Strong Woman, and uh, she seems to have set off some kind of device in my ears. No, that couldn't be it. We work in the same place, so it would be impossible for me to like her. I'm thinking there's some sort of device in my ears. Oh, dude. Bro. Uh YES. Yes, Mackey, um, I just wanted to see how you thought it was going with Strong Woman. Do you know, uh, [begins to fumble on his words] Do you know if Strong Woman has a boyfriend? No-nothing. Just forget it.  I just wanted to know because she's unavailable, then maybe I can get my head off of her, alright?  I don't know how it happened. I know it's inappropriate and yet I can't stop thinking about her. I think I'm... sick. HR? Is that like... Hootie Removal? Alright, everyone. Listen up. As you know, we want to provide a safe work environment for all our employees. Sometimes feelings do arise and we are tempted by the Devil to act upon them. So we've been reaching out to Human Resources division as I think we can all use someone to tell us about what is and isn't considered misconduct. She has some great advice for us, so please welcome Heather Conduct. Go ahead, Miss Conduct.  All right, military alert, everyone! Let's get to the hallways and get the students to the gymnasium! Come on, let's move! You heard her! Move it, people!  I have to make sure all the classes are empty. You go take cover with the kids. Alright, come on!  Oh no. Vice Principal Woman, I need to ask you something. This is very difficult, but, uh...  Well, as you can see, there's a door in front of us. I would like to open this door for you. However, I understand the gender-based biases this can imply. I don't need to open the door. I'd just be opening it and holding it the same way I would for Counselor Mackey, a student, anyone else. 
Uh, we sort of have some bigger problems right now, Mr. Uh... Uh, yes. We are here with our student of the day to reward him lunch with the principal and vice principal. Is it my fault that I found the most amazing, perfect, beautiful woman...at work? Maybe they will. We're co-worker who are in love. You really think that's going to bother people? 
I understand that there have been some problems here at the school lately. A lot of students are experiencing anxiety, and Eric Cartman just wanted to be able to voice his concerns. Go ahead, Eric.  How exactly did Tolkien manipulate your grades, Eric?  Is that true, Tolkien? Did you do somethin' to make Eric fail a test? 
Vice Principal Strong Woman? I was seeing if there's anything you... might want to discuss with me? I am- so sorry- that I took advantage of my position and- manipulated you into a physical encounter. Are you sure we can move forward? I was just thinking there might still possibly be some fallout from- You don't think there's anything else to dis- to discuss? All right, everyone, listen up. The vice principal has asked to speak with you today. She believes it is time that we all as a school finally discussed in-vitro fertilization. That's right, Strong Woman. In today's society it is wrong to just assume that a pregnant woman had intercourse with a man. St-students at this school need to be careful because it can be offensive to ask questions like "Who's the father?"  You- you all right, Strong Woman? So-so we'd like to have all our students talk to their parents tonight about in-vitro fertilization, and after that, let's just put the whole issue behind us.   It's okay. We'll be at the hospital soon. Just keep breathing. I'm just a co-worker helping another co-worker in need. I certainly do not want to put an pressures on you as a female, but at times I wonder if there is more we should discuss. That she is. Oh, dude. Bro. I think it's wrong to force gender specification upon them at this young age. What's that? Doctor, would it be possible for me to... hold the PC babies? Vice Principal? Shh it's okay. The babies are fine, resting in the nursery. They're the most...  they're the most PC babies I've ever seen. Look I was the one who abused my position and took advantage of a subordinate- N-Not took advantage. You know what I'm saying. All I want to do is help. We can say I'm the manny. And if anyone has a problem with that, then they have a problem with gender biases, and they can take it up with me! We can keep the truth about the babies totally hidden.  Oh yes, very good, Vice Principal. See that it is done by back to school night. I am the manny. Anyone have a problem with that?  Is everything all right? Oh, no, we're from uh, Missouri. All right, please move along, folks. We don't want the babies to get excited.  They're so strong, like their mother. Can they ever know that I'm their dad? Then I'll just try to be the best principal to them that I possibly can. 
I'm busy.  I'm busy doing stuff!  What?! Uh-uh yes? Uh yeah, we just uh, we're having an important scheduling to go over. That's in the past, Mackey! We've paid our dues, and we're not hiding anything anymore. What's going on?? All right, what word did you use, Riley?! Look, can't we put them in a daycare? Well maybe they won't! I don't know what makes you think you're different from everyone else, but nobody gets away with slandering teachers at this school! Hey!  Just what do you think you're doing? There are no boxes on your head in school! What are you talking about? Oh hey, I just needed to answer a couple of e-mails really fast. I got one for you, too.  Look, you and I have been having a lot of problems. Clearly, what we both need is more quality one-on-one time with our phones. I'm sorry!  It's okay. We're gonna find them. You were on your phone too! You're seriously gonna make this all my fault?! Because last time I checked, you didn't even want me around as a partner to the PC Babies, even though I- Even though you need me to do shit for you every  I'm her superior at work! You think I took advantage of my position?! I'm not Harvey Weinstein, all right?! I have nothing but respect for females at my workplace, and I would never compromise that position!  Tha-that's Bailey! Cone on!  Kids!  Yea, and ah-I'm their principal. We need to get these kids back to school. Oh my God. They had their first protests... and we missed it. We missed everything because... we were on our phones. You know what we have to do, right? All right everyone, listen up. The vice principal and I have been discussing student health, and it's our firm belief that they need, and what we all need, is less time on our phones.  Yeah... Nobody's listening. And nobody's watching.  
Our school now has a very strict policy when it comes to immunizations. Everyone has to follow the protocol, or it puts everyone at risk. Well, Eric, nobody likes shots. They're just a fact of life. I'm sorry, but my hands are tied here. If Eric isn't immunized, then he cannot go to this school. What do you think's gonna be different next time you try? Like, what are you thinking? What I care most about is the safety of the students, so if you take your shots, then I'll agree.. Alright everyone, listen up.  I understand your frustration, but a government organization like a school cannot impose its will on a conscientious objector.. 
Alright everyone, listen up! As you know, there are several students protesting the school menu. But there are other students who are voicing their concerns against changes. Eric Cartman is still recovering in the hospital, we all wish him well.  
Alright everyone, listen up. Halloween has almost arrived and I wanna make sure that we are all aware of certain guidelines when it comes to Halloween costumes at school. Now, I don't wanna see any FUCKING SOMBREROS! Alright, if I see any fucking Mexican sombreros, or anyone fucking dressed like a fucking Native American, I'm gonna lose my fuckin' shit! There will be no hobos, or bums, anything depicting people from low-income households. And lastly, heed my fuckin' words. If I see any of you girls dressed as fucking Moana, I'm gonna lose my fucking mind! Alright now, the student book fair is coming up next week. We encourage all students to be able to-  
Yeah! Who's strong? Who's Strong Woman? You're gonna smoke the competition! Kids, kids. Okay, what the matter? They don't like Mulan? Okay, okay, we know!  Alright everybody, listen up! As you know, this school is a place where everyone should feel included. Our challenge is to motivate ourselves and others to create an inviting, non-negative and HEY STOTCH, YOU GOT A FUCKING PROBLEM?!  Now I think that what we all need are leaders who motivate by example, and so I would like to inform you all that your vice-principal  Or those who identify as girls. So, second place. That's pretty damn good. I guess she... just started identifying as a woman a few weeks ago. Doesn't really seem.., fair... I'll get it.  Uh, she's sort of busy right now, Ms. Swanson. Yeah, you already told her that at the competition. Look, why don't you just get out of here?! Don't you dare! I'm trans people's biggest supporter! What I think you are is a terrible sport! You'd better knock it off! And if you dare call me transphobe again, I'm gonna- Are you feeling what I'm feeling? I don't know what it is, but... something about that woman just doesn't seem right. Hey, don't let her get to you, Strong. I, I-I don't know why she has such a grudge against you, and I-  What do you mean? ... What? But then... she doesn't really care about trans people? Or women? I didn't even know people like that existed.  Alright. Alright, that's enough. You uh, you made your point, Heather. We get it, okay? Look, everyone, I know we're all a little... afraid to have any opinions on this stuff, but um, there can be situations where it's... not so easy... to... what I mean is, I... Yeah, no shit, 'cause you went through puberty as a male, so your body's completely different!  I told you not to call me a transphobe! All I want is to have a discussion. Aw, shit. 
Yes... Your, sabbatical was somewhat controversial. Well, that is the problem, Mr. Garrison, as someone who previously identified as President, there could be safety issues. Uh, thank you for your application, Mr. Garrison. We'll keep you in mind as a backup, but hopefully the vaccination process is going to start opening up. 
What's going on here, students? Hey! You kids know that these teachers are doing their very best for your benefit?! I am sick and tired of students thinking they can walk all over their teachers who gave you everything they got! I tell you what else. This Friday, for pajama day at school, this class does not get to wear their pajamas.  You heard me! No pajama day for this class. Now maybe you'll remember to have some respect for your teacher!  Yeah. Alright, send 'em in.  I'm sorry, ladies. I've made a decision, and I'm sticking to it. I appreciate your sentiment, but as principal of the school, it's my job to make decisions and stand by them to maintain order. Hey! How many times have I told you kids not to bring up Nazi Germany when you don't get something you want?! Get out!  I can't believe the things these students say sometimes. What? If I change my mind now, I look weak. Yes hello, Ms. Cartman. This is the school principal returning your call. What can I do for you? Your son is part of a class that lost their pajama day privilege, correct. Well I've already made my decision, and it's final. Ms. Cartman, if you are worried about your son's safety, then perhaps you should just keep him home for pajama day. I'm sorry? Testaburger! I need to talk to you now!  Ms. Testaburger, I need you to get me out of this. I made a tactical decision. Now if I go back and say maybe I was wrong, I look weak. Zip it! I need you to get everyone in your class to work together and have Mr. Garrison come to me saying your pajama day should be reinstated. You get the girls and the boys to work together. This is your problem now, Testaburger.  What's going on, students? What the fuck, bro? Bro... What am I supposed to do?  Do you know what a principle is? A principle is something that you see as a fundamental truth. You do something that you think is right out of principle! That's why I wanted to be principal. Tell your class they can run back home and put on their pajamas. I'll hand in my resignation this afternoon. You're totally wrong about that. When all these people see I caved in to their insults and their offensive World War II comparisons, I'll be done. No, you– Wait. What did you say? No. What day is opposite day at school? Testaburger! That's it!  So we will be having breakfast for lunch in the cafeteria, and anything else you've been told to do, you can now do the opposite. 
Alright everyone, listen up! We have a special announcement today. One of our fourth grade students says he's done a lot of work and has grown as a person. And he'd like to share his journey with you. Please welcome Stan Marsh. 
Mr. Mackey, I'd like to have a word with you. I see that you've, uh, called for another nuclear emergency drill this afternoon? Well, Mr. Mackey, this is the seventh drill that we've done in two days. And I see that you also put in the budget for a bomb shelter and 20 VHS copies of "Red Dawn". Mr. Mackey, I'm starting to worry that this is sort of... nostalgic for you, like you're kind of enjoying this.  You speak Russian? Mr. Mackey, I am not asking you. I'm telling you – stop with all the drills and stop putting ideas into our students' heads. Okay. 
