 We like ya, Eric. You are the coolest guy in the world. This is tremendous tea. Eric kicks ass! Yes, Eric, you are strong and smart ''and'' true. Everybody likes you very much. 
No, shit, I ''feel'' like shit. I think I- 
Welcome to the Kingdom of Heaven, Kenny. I am Peter. There isn't much time, Kenny. You're dead, but, your death was no accident. Heaven needs you. Come! There is much to discuss.  But knowing that Hell was becoming much larger, God decided to let more people cross over so that he could build an army as well, an army that YOU must command. The Sony PSP was built by God, to determine who on Earth had the best skills to defeat the armies of Satan. You... are the best. YOU, are the only hope for the universe. He beat Satan's army in over three thousand separate simulations. Satan's army has crossed over the Plains of Limbo! Kenny! Bless your soul! You've saved all of Heaven! 
Yes, well, unlike most cities, in San Francisco we try to  keep all the historic houses instead of knocking them down. Oh hay, Paul. Come on in and meet the Broflovskis Whoa, nice car, but we're gonna have to get you into the BT series  Its emissions are actually cleaner. Oh, of course. We're a little more progressive and ahead of the curve here in San Francisco.  Anyway, I'm sure you'll find it much better here. 
You think ''that's'' bad? Remember when I auditioned to be David Hasselhoff's car?  Nervous? Like when I had to sell pancakes to the school soccer captain?  Well, maybe we can just have tea. Oh boy, was ''that'' ever weird. Anyway, I can't believe I invited my old sweetheart to dinner. Huh. Hey Brian, this is like the time I got a job as a carrot cake. 
You think ''that's'' bad? Remember the time I won a date to Mexico with Gary Coleman? You think ''that's'' bad? Remember the time I got a salmon helmet from Mohammad while wearing a toga?  Wow, a salmon helmet! Thanks!  Anyway, what were we talking about? Oh yeah, my pink slip. Or the time I-  
This is Peter with INsecurity. Is everything all right? I have a police car on their way with blankets and cocoa.  
My report is on the vile and despicable trash that our parents are watching on television. Fellow students: there is a plague of smut on our cable boxes!  murder porn! According to the Nielsen ratings, viewership in shows like "Cold Case Files," "Dateline: Murder," and "Deadly Affairs" is skyrocketing amongst married couples. The increased viewership has brought about a whole new slew of shows that use graphic sex, and innuendo, to make spousal murder more titillating. Shows like "Southern Fried Homicide," "Sinful Secrets," "On The Case with Paula Zahn." And it's all smut and it's garbage and it's  
 
