Oh boy, General Disarray, may- maybe we just ought to stay outta this one. 
Oh I'm sure you do. But you see I  But you see I also know you like to beat me up. Oh I'm close. And I'll put an end to him, and all of you goody-two-shoe heroes! Do you think I'm a fool?! All those times you stopped me from my acts of evil! All those times you tricked me into meeting you, and then ga- and then gave me titty-twisters! Not this time, Coon! I finally learned my lesson! Now, General Disarray!  O- oh careful General Disarray. Hehyeah! We beat him, General Disarray!  Let him go, General Disarray!  Why would you help us?! But you both fight for justice and good. Very well. I will show you what we know about Mysterion's identity, but if this is some kind of setup- Weh- oh yeah.  This way! We will now show you our secret headquarters of DOOM. Actually it belongs to General Disarray's grandma, um but she lets us use it.  We have everything we need here. Can I offer you a Coke or a Sprite or something? Uhget the Coon a Sprite, General Disarray.  As you can see we too have been working hard on Mysterion's identity. Oh yeah, I think it's around here somewhere. Uh, using our photos we are tryin' to pinpoint Mysterion's identity. No, he's too fat. Based on his body type it's gotta be someone like Stan or Kyle.   Jesus Christ. Hey Coon w-we aren't actually gonna blo- blow up anything, are we? But you really wanna blow up a hospital? I mean, a-aren't you a good guy? Aww jeez General Disarray, this is a lot more than I ever really intended.  Whoa. Oh hamburgers! Aaah, a m m Mysterion, I b-, I beg you, I mean ah, judahadahada... Whowell I b- Well I b- ah I just would jes one nigh-, and then the Coon saw it up and I wa able to, and was able to  Waaugh! Yeah, we did it! Okay sorry sorry! I'm sorry! I give up! Please, I give up! Well, wait! I thought we were workin' together.  
Hey fellas?  Yeah, but uh, but uh youuu, but you only gave me this bucket to poop in and it's full now.  And I ain't got nothin' to eat. Me?? Awww, come on, fellas, don't make me be Courtney Love. 
Uhhh ohhh... But uh, but, but the Coon said if I took the pictures he, he'd let me go home and, and I've missed four days of school now 'cause I've been- 
Huhey, can I see the double rainbow, fellas?  Uh, fellas? 
Grandma? but how di- No! Grandma please, nnnot Gummi bears! Ahh! Grandma!  I can't. Awww! Eewww! 
