 What is it? Sorry Garrison, your penis is gone. Afraid there's nothing more we can do. You'll just have to live with being a woman. A very ugly one. Come on, men.  
Alright, things are pretty quiet out there, boys. Let's try to get caught up on some paperwork. Murphy I want you to-  Oh, not this kid again. What? Jesus Christ,  Alright, listen: you have five seconds to leave or we're gonna put you in the jail and call your parents! Whatever. Then we'll just put you in-   All right, stop it! What's in here?  Oh, Mysterion, thank God you've come. What news do you have? You are a beacon of hope in an otherwise bleak and dreary world!   Don't do it, Mysterion! If you show your identity we'll be forced to arrest you for being a vigilante! Well I'm sorry but you're under arrest. Take the kid to jail.  
Dammit, Marsh, why couldn't you have just kept your stupid ugly kid in line?! Yeah, showing an image of him is completely off limits and censored, so nobody has seen what Muhammad looks like.  Muhammad showed up and there was no violence at all? Alright, we'll put a sheet over him. Obviously, the terrorists are for real!  We have placed bombs all over your city. You will give Muhammad to us. The celebrities want Muhammad for his power not to be ridiculed. We want that power... huzzah. You won't believe it... Mayor, we do not have the resources to deal with this situation! A full evacuation is impossible! 
Idiot, if he isn't seen, we're about to ''definitely'' get bombed. 
Mr. Yelman, we received some disturbing reports that you might be hoarding sheep. 
 We're putting a stop to this play! It's over. No, it's over! They got him, Mr. Mackey. Tooth Decay. They got the son of a bitch. You can let it go, Mackey. Tooth Decay is gone. 
Sir, does this mailman belong to you? There's been an Asian turf war, sir, and your son appears to have caused it. We'll send a bill for the damages,  Well, at least everything is accounted for. Thank God you came when you did, Dr. Janus. Well I suppose there's no need for jail, Mr. and Mrs. Stotch, so long as you ground your son.  This is South Park Police! We know the truth, Dr. Janus! He's not Chinese! He's white!  Your name is Dr. Janus! That's right. Of all his multiple personalities, the strongest was Lu Kim. And we never would have known... if it hadn'ta been for Inspector Butters.   does the world really need another therapist? Well I mean, would it really be so bad for us to just let him go on thinking he's Lu Kim forever? Now that City Sushi is gone, City Wok is the only Chinese restaurant left in town. Done! Go ahead. We're gonna process him and get him back to the restaurant.  
 Jesus, this protest is getting out of hand! Alright, what exactly are we dealing with? And where are the actual protesters? How are we gonna contain this ting?! Bon Jovi? Damnit! Don't these protesters know what this is all heading towards?  Full-on class warfare. It's here! The class warfare is finally here! 
All right, quiet down people, please! Quiet!  Now listen! There's nothing more we can do to protect your homes. But there's someone here who says he can.  So you say this man killed himself because he was a psychopath who was forced to have sex with his mother?  
Sounds like you're talking about the Red Box killers. They've murdered over a dozen people trying to get the cash from Red Boxes. Apparently not. These are dangerous guys. Do you have any idea where they were headed? What?! Are you crazy?! We can't cancel the Monster Mash, it's Halloween Night! It's the Monster Mash's biggest night of the year! How many people at the Monster Mash? You boys say you can identify the Red Box thieves? All right then. We're gonna have to send one of you into the party in disguise. FIRE!  We got the sonofabitch! Well, I hope you guys have learned that crime doesn't pay. 
Nono, none of us watched the video, but if we did, we could handle it. We're police officers. We see sickening things like that every day. All right, all right. We'll do everything we can. 
There's no time to sleep when the city's counting on me. I had a bad experience at Red Lobster and if the people don't know about it, they could too. Folks deserve to know where to eat, Mitch. I don't need them to. I know they need me, and that's enough. I know.  Alright, follow me! You heard him. Little Mexican kid called me out.  If he wants to fight me, that's fine. No, he's just calling me out.  I know! What I want is to be able to lead these fine people with the respect and the dignity- 
Attention all units in the vicinity of South Park Elementary!  Principal calling for help during school assembly! All officers needed at once!   Oh, is that so? Well, we'd like to come help you, but we don't wanna get fired. I see. And are any of these homeless people of a minority persuasion? Oh, it matters. See, it used be we could beat up minorities and nobody cared. It's the reason a lot of us joined the force.  Hey Mitch, you wanna go down and arrest some homeless people but not be able to beat up any minorities? Yeah, no, I think we're good. In fact, we're thinking of maybe turning the whole department into a hula school. Whattaya think? What? What's that, you say? Jeez, I'm sorry. We've got to work on our koholo kaloa, and get the lomi lomi chicken ready for the big ho'olao le'ao, which leaves us... oh, not enough time to deal with ISIS. Hey, who was it that said "fuck the police"? Was that Ice Cube? Tupac? Oh, right, that was you guys! Sorry, but I guess you'll have to find somebody else to do all the difficult dirty shit you don't want to do yourselves. I've gotta be ready for the luau. I might even kiss a dude. Oh no? I'm a cop. We've got a deal, right? Alright you, come on!  
Alright, alright, everyone calm down! I can't hear over all of you.  Alright, everyone, I just want to know one thing. Who invited him here?  Huh? What's that? Uh huh, that's what I thought. You all brought Mark Zuckerberg into your lives and now you want the police to shoot him. Well that doesn't mean he's done anything illegal. Now, the police will help deal with Mark Zuckerberg, but we aren't going to shoot him. I'm sorry, that's just the way it is. You all should've thought harder about this before letting him into your lives. 
So you were there when the witch showed up and took your girlfriend. What was your girlfriend wearing? Whoa, whoa, not cool, Rick. Not cool.  Sorry folks, sorry. Everyone to Ross Dress For Less, now! It's over, Stotch. What have you done with the children? Is that all of them? 
 All right, everyone. Quiet, please. We have a community crisis on our hands, and it's my job to keep you informed. As you know, there's been a rise in the use of e-scooters in our town. Officer Brown is head of crisis control. Officer? 
