No!  Hey! Eight-year old! We don't take kindly to your types in here. No!  I wanna know som'in' from Mr. I'm Eight Years Old here! How come you types are always wearin' them funny padded shirts in the winter?!  We don't take kindly to panda bears! Whoa! Lookie her!  We don't take kindly to your types around here!  Hey! We don't take kindly to folks that don't sue people 'round here!  Hey! We don't take too kindly to cases being dismissed around here! 
Let's get him!  Let's get him. 
You know, boys emulate authority figures. Even if it doesn't turn them gay, they could end up all talk and all fem' and prancin' around like girls.  
They're gonna be sending their kids to our schools, and mixin' them with our pure, non-rich kids! Damn, I hate those stupid richers! They've got nice expensive beers for you across the street at the new Wolfgang Puck's. I think we scared 'im. If they get that petition passed, it's all over. They won, Garrison. They can't be scared out of town. It's working! That was it. We just saw the last of them speeding away in a van! 
Get him!  Oh boy, do I feel stupid. Aha-  
Eh- Excuse me? Yeah. Free Hat. Oh. Sorry. Um, come on, everyone, guess we're in the wrong place.  Can't we also work towards freeing Hat? Yeah! We should go get that negative as soon as we get Hat free! Hat was attacked maliciously and unprovoked by a gang of babies in West Town Park. When that many babies get together they can be like piranha. He's right. We'd better split up. Some of you go with the boys and get those film prints, the rest of us come with me to go talk to the governor about freeing Hat. But the governor won't pardon Hat. So how can we get him out of prison?  No? ''There's a man in prison and his name is Hat. [the governor looks up a bit surprised]'' Sure. Give that man a baby! 
 Foundin' Fathers would kick all your asses! There! All finished. From now on, this is the pro-war side of town, and that's the unpatriotic side.  Hey everybody, this is never going to work. Don't you see? All this dividin' up the town, it's just ridiculous. What we really should be doing, is just beatin' the hell out of each other like we were.  That's bullcrap, Mayor! Our rally to support the war was set up months ago! Hey, if you don't like America, then you can git out! We'll trizzle the shizzle all over the hizzle! See? I told you they had your son. Yeah! Don't kid yourselves. These people have come out to ''support our troops'', right?!  Oh no you don't! We're doing our pro-war song first! Well excuse me if... <br><i>I'm a little bit country.</i> <i>I'm a little for supportin' our troops.</i> <i>I believe freedom isn't free.</i> <i>We must defend our country.</i> That's because the Founding Fathers would have supported the war! Yeah, but... if it weren't for all you guys protesting, why everyone around the world would hate the American people instead of just the President. <i>Hey I'm a little bit country</i> <i>I'll be the muscle of America</i> Come on up here, everybody!  We want to thank our guests, the pro-war people.  
Just because a guy cares about how he looks and is in touch with his feminine side doesn't mean he's gay anymore. So, Mr. Garrison. We learned that gays are totally cool. You're just one of us now. Put it out! Put it out! The heat could really damage our hair. We'd better let the police handle this! Eeeek! 
Not only that, the auction was televised on public access, so my little daughter watchin' at home saw the... penis! How am I supposed to explain that to her?! 
What happened to him, Doctor? Are you kiddin'? Stan is probably ready to pounce on them after what they did to his father!  Woo! 
You bureaucrats have no right to play God and take that tube out! 
Well, what really happened? There's strong evidence that what we were told isn't the truth. It's obvious that before we go any further, we need to find out who was behind 9/11 once and for all! 
 Yee haw! Yiiip yip yip yip yip yip. Where you goin' "ni**er" guy? Well you got trouble, when you first decided to slander an entire race of people on "Wheel of Fortune"! What do we want?  We want to live in a world without people like you who are intolerant of African-Americans! Huh? Looks like it's our lucky day! We done got us ''two'' "ni**er" guys! Who?   Goddamn ni**er guy's tryin' to be all political-like now! 
That did not seriously come out of your ass. Come on, Randy. I'll bet you can crap that big again easy! 
We've got guards posted at the mall to make sure nobody gets tempted to buy dumb stuff. And, uh, Pat Sallsman is doin' house checks to make sure nobody is ordering anything stupid online. I don't know... He's got a lot of support. It might be hard to even catch this Jew.  
Hey, you sure know a lot about this. 
Hey! What you want? We don't take kindly to folks who impose their authority on the underprivileged! 
Now this here is a dry Riesling. You're gonna experience vanilla after-tones and a nutty finish. No, like chestnuts, dammit! Alright Randy, you should probably lay off the old vine Châteauneuf-du-Pape. 
We'll do it for Josh, and so what happened to him never happens to anyone else.! We're ready to follow you, Josh. 
I've got lemonade, soft drinks, and tea. That's all I can sell until January 2nd. 
