Well it's true. I did. I was out in the woods, praying  And that's exactly how it happened.  Oh my gosh! A...  But your skin is white. ''[looks at the camera] '' Jesus live here in America? Wooww...  I found them! I found them!  You're not gonna believe it, everybody! I found them! Another New Testament of Jesus Christ! Last night, a Native America angel told me where I could find another testament of Jesus Christ, so I went out to the woods. I dug around all morning where the angel had told me to look. . Maybe there ''isn't'' anything out here.  Wow... . This must be the Gospel that Jesus told the Nephites! Well, they were the most amazing things I'd ever gazed upon. Where are what? Oh, well, I... was not allowed to take them. You see, after I found the plates, the angel Moroni appeared to me again and said that I am not allowed to show the plates, or the seer stones, to anybody. Because first I must translate what's written on the plates into English, so you can all read it! Mr. Harris, can you keep a secret? I have, in my possession, an ancient book written on gold plates that tells of Jesus Christ's second coming. Here, in America. It's true. And I'm going to translate the plates and publish it into a book for the whole world to read. Now, ahah-I know you have a lot of money, Mr. Harris, and I'm just gonna need a little bit to pay for the publishing costs. With these.   They're not rocks. They're seer stones, given to me by an angel. With them, God allowed me to translate the plates into English. Watch. You take this quill and paper and write down what I say. Sit here.  I have the golden plates here in this hat. I need to have them somewhere dark so I can read the spiritual light. Now, when I put the seer stones into the hat, the ancient letter light up and change into English, which I can then read to you. Ooo, I'm seeing the light. Oh, okay. Write this down. "And... so... it... was... that... Christ... appeared before... the... Nephites." I would love to, Martin, except, I just had a vision. And the Lord said he's very angry with me for letting you take those pages. Yes. He is so mad that he will never let me translate from the plate of Lehi again. He's... we must now translate from the plate of Nephi. So it will be the same basic story, but written a little differently. 
We got him back! We got him back! 
