Hey, wait a second. You mean that this whole thing was just a setup by your mom? What the hell??   Estella, help me! I'm your boyfriend! 
Oh my God, what are we gonna do? 
Oh. Hello everybody. What? But Tolkien's never seen a porno before. He wouldn't know what to—Oh God!  Tolkien?  Jesus, what kind of porno was that? Oh, Jesus, not that one!  
Oh yeah, the Prime Minister, eh? He sure has screwed up things for Newfoundland. Life just hasn't been the same since he made sodomy illegal. Yeah, sure, except there's just one problem. You folks are goin' the wrong way. Yeah. And you all went the wrong direction on it.  Of course, we could always take my boat, eh? Okay, next stop, the new Prime Minister.  Here we are at the Parliament buildin'. Yeah, we gave it our best, but our best wasn't good enough, eh?  And we can't perform sodomy, eh? And I can sodomize me boys again 
I I have others with me. We we have nowhere else to go. One woman here is pregnant. Let us in! For God's sake, they're coming! No! No, I'm sorry, we don't have any change. Oh God. One of them is a war veteran.  We're gonna have to give ''him'' some change. 
 Not just a sec! We've got a whole lot of wet campers down there!  Are you boys enjoying the fun beach? 
All right, kids, you know what time of year this is?  That's right, it's autumn! And that means our fundraising for next year's summer camp is in full gear. Is everyone psyched for next year's summer camp? So far, Jimmy has raised $16! Francis has raised $29.32  And Timmy has raised $2,063.00! All righty, if you guys keep this up, we'll raise the money for summer camp in no time!  Hey boys, are you excited for camp next year? All right. Well, just keep working on those donations.  A big congratulations to our fundraising champion! After selling the Handicar rights to Elon Musk, Timmy has raised 2.3 billion dollars for summer camp.  
 Just hover, honey. They can't do anything if we're just hovering. 
Hello, Eric. My name is Steve from Oculus Customer Service. There seems to be an error with our virtual headsets, and on behalf of the company, I would like to apologize and try to help. This is going to be very jarring for you, but, there has been a malfunction with the headset you ordered from us. Right now, you're actually in your room at your computer wearing an Oculus headset, but, you're in a coma-like trance, my friend. I understand your shock, my friend, but you have simply been in the virtual world so long you have forgotten. The people you are talking to are just computer programs, my friend. I know this is very hard for you, but we don't have a lot of time. Yes, no, sorry, but because you bought two business-class tickets I can NOT refund the fares.  El Pollo Loco Customer Service, this is Steve. Oh, yes, ah, yes my friend.  Oculus Customer Service, this is Steve. Ohh yehhs, yes. What is your name please? Kyle. I need to advise you that this call may be recorded to help with better customer service in the future. Is that agreeable to you? He doesn't care! I can continue! All right, listen very carefully my friend. The headsets we sold you are having some minor problems. Yes. And that is why we are trying to locate all the headsets and do a recall. Do you understand? It is a Total Recall. All right, did I take care of all your customer needs in a timely and satisfactory fashion today? But the customer service - was that reliable? And did I accurately and politely respond to your concerns? Uhhh let's see, ah, it looks like... one of you is going to have to put on the Oculus headset and go into the virtual world and convince your friend to get to an access point. Could you try that, my friend?  Best Buy Customer Service, this is Steve. Yes, hello. This call may be recorded to ensure good customer service in the future. Ohhh yes yes yes! That I ''can'' answer! His name was... But-ters! Have I answered all your questions in a satisfying and courteous manner? Hello? My friend? My friend, I believe we are having some technical issues with our phone line. Please hang on, I'm going to call Customer Service. Hello, Customer Service, this is Steve. Hello, this is Steve with Customer Service. Uhhh, nononono my friend. I am Steve with Customer Service. Listen, my friend. This is gong to be very hard to comprehend, but none of what you are seeing is real. ...Ohhh, nohhh, nonononononono. My friend, my friend, a customer who is in virtual reality called Customer Service, and it has created a customer feedback loop. Okay? Here in India we call it a customer feedback vindaloop.  Ohhh, fuck you! Nononononono, do not fuck me, because I am you and then we will just be fucking ourselves. Now, have I provided answers to your questions in a courteous and prompt fashion? What do you mean have you answered all my questions?! NO! You have not answered ANY questions at ALL! Nonononono no, listen, listen: if I didn't answer your questions, then we have given bad customer service! But you didn't answer any of my questions! Well what is more important, my friend? The result, or good customer service? Hello, hello my friend, are you still there? Listen carefully, my friend. You are stuck in a paradox. It turns out there are three things you cannot do in virtual reality. You cannot die, you cannot get grounded, and you cannot call Customer Service. This is why you are having problems. That does not matter! There is only one thing that matters! Have I answered your questions satisfactorily and offered GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE?! That's the paradox! Please my friend, please! I am not real! You are not real! Have I answered your questions and provided good customer service?! This call may be recorded!  
Panasonic customer service. How can I help you? Ohhhh yes yes yes yes. Many people are calling about this. We have NO idea what's going on. Have I answered all your questions in a timely manner? 
 I used to get in trouble for always using the N word. But with DNAandMe I found out that I'm 2.1% black. Sup, n*gga?  
We  were shocked to read that a young African-American boy is wearing Tupperware and defecating on girls while they sleep. What if those kids are hanging out with our kids? Zuckerberg ate everything in our freezer and then helped himself to my wife's lubricant!  
 Here he is, everybody! Stephen's a bad witch! Not like you! 
What? What the hell are you talking about?! Heidi? Turner? The Turners' daughter? I thought she was with that Kyle Broflovski kid. I saw them at the park today holding hands. Yeah, Kyle. 
Okay guys, it's November and who can tell me what that means?  Yes, Francis? That's right, the Science Fair is this weekend, and I know you're all very excited to show the projects you've been working on.  All right, what do you guys think of Nathan and Mimallah's project idea?  Jimmy and Timmy, this is incredible! You've somehow made them even smarter.  Boys, this might be the single greatest Special Ed Science Fair project I've ever seen! 
We enjoyed it, yes. Oh, no not the family. Tolkien's mom and I saw it on date night. We're gonna watch it again with Tolkien, though. We don't let him watch it alone because it's PG-13. 
Somebody has to have a little. I feel like total shit. 
We've never been to a marijuana farm before. Randy... I hope you didn't invite us here because we're black. What do you mean? People have a problem with Tolkien's name? I wanted to name my son after my favorite author. But she didn't want to name our son J.R.R., so we just named him Tolkien. Yes, you know his name is Tolkien! Sorry, I don't think it's that weird. J.R.R. Tolkien is one of the most prolific, influential writers of our time. What did you think his name meant? It's... uh, very involved. Randy, I have a job. I'm a very successful co-executive of a financial consulting firm. Well that's what we do... Sure. No. What the fuck?  What the hell are you doing? No– why is my face on a billboard?! You said you just needed someone to help with accounting! I told you before that I'm not interested in the marijuana business. I don't believe in drinking or doing drugs. You really think we could make a lot of money together?  Hey, guys, I've got something really exciting to show you! I had this awesome idea last night... and I couldn't even sleep, I thought it was so cool–  We do seven different strains in all, representing the dwarves, the elves, even the uruk hai!  Randy, you seem not to care very much about any of my ideas. I don't seem to be the anything guy. I thought we were Ben and Jerry. Well, I don't want to just be here like some kind of... token black person. No. I totally get now why you want me around, and I'm not gonna do it.  Oh, hey, Randy. What'dya think of the new place? Well, y'all came to the right business, cuz this shit is hard! Hell yeah, we got all kinds of shit– Lemme give you a sample of my Rivendell Elvish Magic...  Hey man, what's your problem?!  Game on, muthafucker. 
Oh, good morning, Randy. Oh. We're, uh, doing a St. Patrick's Day Special. Uhh, yeah. We are. Pretty sure St. Patrick's Day wasn't your idea. Welcome, everyone, welcome. Thank you for coming to Credigree Farms! Randy, we all see you behind the bush.   So, obviously, you're upset that you don't seem to have any customers. What's your point?  Maybe they're here because my St. Patrick's Day Special is better than yours.  Alright, there you go, happy St. Patrick's Day and thanks for buying Credigree!  I am. You need marijuana for the Irish bar. Well, I'm sure we can help you out. How much Credigree are you looking to buy? Two and a half tons... I don't know, babe, but this could really make our whole fiscal year! Don't worry, we're gonna blow everyone's mind with our St. Patrick's Day Special! Keep it up, babe! We've still got a long way to go! Thank you! Thank you! Thanks for choosing Credigree Weed! Randy... I-I thought you were in jail.  I used both. I guess I just let the holiday go to my head. But I learned that-- 
