It appears that the horrible, destructive creature is actually eight-year old Stan Marsh of South Park. When asked why he was wreaking so much havoc on his home town, the little boy replies simply, "Me Stan, ba-chomp, ba-chewy-chomp, ba-chewy-chomp. Back to you in the studio. 
...And the President responded to the incident by saying, quote, "Screw those Commie bastards, and screw their little wussy space station." In other news, a pink eye epidemic is now sweeping the town of South Park. Here with a live report is a midget wearing a bikini. 
You shouldn't be embarrassed, Mr. Garrison. People have cosmetic surgery all the time. Before we start, this computer can help you pick what kind of nose you want. Now, we could go with something a little smaller, which would make you look like ''this''. Or we could straighten out the bridge, which would make you look like ''this''. Of course, we could narrow the bridge, which would make you look more like ''this''. Alright-y then. Now I must warn you, Mr. Garrison, that there are risks. You could wind up a hideous, foul shadow of a creature, so terrifyingly ugly that you're forced to live in the sewers, only emerging at nighttime for scraps of food.  Alrighty then, let's get started! Mr. Garrison. ''Mr. Garrison.'' The operation is over, Mr. Garrison. You look great! Yes? Well, that's to be expected. We did some major reconstruction, sawed through some bone, snapped some cartilage... ...all the blood and mucus just the sound of bone and sinew coming apart. By the way, did you ever see that movie ''Contact''? I'm sorry, Mr. Garrison. Why don't you get some rest. I'll check on you a little later. Okay, only a few more bandages to go. Take a look for yourself. Yes. I think once the swelling goes down you'll ''really'' notice the difference. 
Yeah. Good thing they have those big eyes so that they don't have to rery on that amazing American interrect. That's a zinger! Ah, I don't know. What? Aw, no way!! Dude, that is-a not cool! You're gonna get us into trouble again. Hey, you wanna hear my impersonation of American? Ah, okay. Hey, I really, really want that. That looks good. Yes yes!  Y'all come a-back now, you hear? 
Yeah, it was left on our answering machine. All it said was that they saw the Mexican staring frog just south of Stark's Pond this morning. You were in 'Nam? Where were you stationed? Man, I was in Tet. We had a bad-ass roller coaster, but... all we ever wanted was a log ride. We waited and we waited, but... they never built us one. I think..Danforth wanted the log ride more than anybody, but he... he had to settle with that lame dinosaur water adventure ride. 
...And all over America, kids are turning to the streets and running away. Tonight, a very special message from the parents of some runaway children, in hopes that their young will hear their cries. 
Thanks, Creamy. Police are advising all citizens to stay indoors, not breathe the ashen air, and not ever light any giant snakes in the near future. 
I'm here live in South Park, Colorado, where citizens from Los Angeles are arriving in droves for the town's first annual film festival. This is just a small quiet mountain community where nothing out of the ordinary ever really happens,  and so the excitement level is naturally very high. Right now, the townspeople are anxiously awaiting the arrival of some of Hollywood's top celebrities. Ladies and gentlemen, TV's Fred Savage. Well, I'm sure a real person will show up soon. I ate all mine up, silly. Ooh, good idea. Let's. 
It appears that more and more South Park residents are discovering the wonder and joy of the planetarium. Here with a special report is a 34-year old Asian man who looks strikingly similar to Ricardo Montalban. 
Oh, anywhere'd be great! Oh. Oh wait wait, I know this. What was second prize again? Now, Mary, this is our only vacation for years. We have to make the best of it. Now, Mary, you promised me we'd try to have a good time. Hoh, it's so cold here. Oh well, let's try to make the best of it, Mary. Yeah, and at least we've got our health. 
Good night, Jerry. Helen, no! The spontaneous combustion problem escalates as more and more people go back to holding in all their farts.  Meanwhile, the ozone layer continues to deplete as others refuse to hold in their farts for fear of combustion. As we all know, the cause for all of this is Randy Marsh, the son of a bitch who calls himself a scientist. We caught up with Mr. Marsh earlier today and he had this to say: What an asshole! I hate that guy, and so do you. And now, on to the weather. It's fucking hot, thanks to Randy Marsh, son of a bitch! 
Whoa, shit! 
Thanks, Chris. In other news, the FBI has finally caught the child molester known as Mr. Slippyfist.  This sick child molester was found with disturbing graphic photos of young boys naked, which we will show you now.  Here's one. And here's another. Here, look at this one. Sick sonofabitch! Here's one right here. 
 The report further states that it is because the child trusts the individual that problems occur in the first place. Sure does, Tom. 
In other news, South Park police are still looking for a craaazy man who terrorized the town one hour ago.  
Right. What about the war? Uh huh, and what aspect of it do you think is most gay? Boys, what do you think the Founding Fathers would say? Tom, I'm standing in the town square where the war rally has been going on for an incredible eighty-seven hours. The crowd still appears to be split right down the middle - half of them support country music, and the other half rock-n-roll. Let's listen in. 
Craig! Behave yourself! Yeah. Everyone already knows I dress better than Randy. I mean, you do have the fashion sense of a Japanese woman. You don't... like us being metrosexual?  You can metrobash us all you want, but we're here to stay! 
 
Herro, crisis and fear tonight, as what appears to be a massive flood has overtaken the town of Beaverton, Colorado, home of the world's largest beaver dam.  Any word on how the survivors in the town are doing, Mitch?  My God, you've, you've actually seen people looting, raping and eating each other? In the nearby town of South Park, the cause of the Beaverton flood is being investigated. At first, nobody knew what caused the dam to break, but now, shocking new evidence has indicated that the flood in Beaverton was caused by... global warming!  All the top Colorado geologists have gathered at the governor's office for an emergency meeting.  You can't go out there! You'll freeze to death! Global warming must be over! 
Thanks, Edward, that's a very shocking report... 
Once again, a cartoon depicting the Muslim prophet Mohammad is set to air tonight on ''Family Guy''! The news has already sparked a shockwave of protests throughout the Muslim world.  All over the Middle East, Muslims are burning American flags and ''Family Guy'' posters. Muslim terrorist al-Zawahri made this statement: 
 Ohh, I'm sorry sir. Yes sir.  We built a portal to the imagination to use against the Russians during the Cold War, but we never got a-  Aw jeez, I'm really sorry sir. Let me handle this!  Imagination Doorway. It was started in the Sixties as a secret government project. Right. Sir? Are you sure about this? 
Yeah, and they detract from real things, like Jesus. Ooooh, you'd better not say that! You'll go to hell! Santa Claus and leprechauns are imaginary, but Jesus and hell are real! Well of course ''he's'' imaginary! 
And in other world news, the leader of Japan today is calling for an increase in military spending. In other news tonight, it the Internet video that has already seen over ten million views. A young confused-looking boy dancing and singing a song called "What What (In My Asshole)". And finally tonight, a new development in the Canada strike. For those of you who don't remember or don't care, Canada has been striking for more money.  In a shocking turn of events, it now appears that thousands of people from Denmark are flooding into the United States with hopes of taking the place of the striking Canadians. 
Niles Lawson is on the scene, and Niles, what are you hearing?  Oh, it's you. Our job is to report the news, not make it more violent! Well Black Friday is just around the corner and Tammy, it's getting fierce out there. 
Niles Lawson is at the scene, and it's about time, Niles. 
Nine-year-old Wendy Testaburger has started a campaign, and tomorrow will speak before the state senate to ban the use of Photoshopped images, saying they're harmful to young girls.  Young lady, what is your message? And you're not just... being a hater. 'Cause sometimes, girls who aren't well-liked, you know, lash out at pretty and popular girls. Are, are you well-liked at your school? Uh huh. But you're not being jelly? Okay, because I do understand that the jelly school in Aurora is ready to take you in. Is that right, Rick? 
Uh Dan? Dan? We're getting word that a wall has already been built.  Is that right? Yes? Yeah- CNN is confirming that Canada has built a wall to keep us out. 
Well, that's what an ad does. She was designed to entice, and manipulate. Jimmy, we're newsmen, like you. For decades we used our soft buttery voices to inform the people about what's happening. Then we watched as our entire industry was taken over by the ads.  Some of our colleagues were manipulated into doing the ads' bidding. The man who came to your house with a gun was one of them. Our own Kevin Jarvis has more. Thanks, Kevin. The only hope for the truth to get out there, Jimmy, is for you to see through this ad's deception and to find out what they're planning. Your Super School News was a threat to them. But unless you get this little bitch to talk, we may never know why. Jimmy, you're thinking with your dick. Yes you are. Put your dick away. Jim. Jimmy, that's your dick talking.  all ads lie. And all ads deceive. What the hell is that? How did an ad get in here? Let's go to David at the network hub. David, any word on the popup ad situation? Who is that reporter? Do we... know him? Thanks, Brian.  He's working for the ads, obviously. Sellout douche-bag. Thanks, Rick. Stay dry. Jimmy!  His dick is compromised.  Well then,  Officer Barbrady, we need you to shoot these kids. The ad has got to him.  There's no time to argue. Do you want to save your town?! Barbrady, shoot them in their heads! You're making the worst mistake of your life, officer. Dammit! 
A historic election, and all the votes are in. Except of course in the city of Fort Collins, Colorado. It's been several days now since Fort Collins was hacked. Everyone's e-mails and Internet history became accessible to the public after being targeted by the Danish Trolltrace program. According to our eye in the sky, their votes will not be tallied anytime soon. This barricade behind me was put up not only to make sure nobody goes into Fort Collins, but also to make sure nobody gets out, since there's no telling whose Internet histories they've seen  The defiant Danish company is still declaring Trolltrace a success, and claims that it will be available worldwide at any moment. 
The Amazon Fulfillment Center has been shut down as hundreds of employees refuse to work.  And Josh, how does it feel to have your accident spark so much upheaval? Can you get out of the box? Do you get hot in the box?   Angry customers who wish to be fulfilled. The customers say the boxers need to return to work because the shutdown is hurting everyone.  If you pay for shipping, can you go anywhere you want? 
 Josh Carter is an Amazon employee who suffered a horrific workplace accident. In order to drum up support for the strike, he's recently FedExed himself to Washington.  How are things going, Josh? Meanwhile, Amazon says it's training new workers to replace the strikers. However, because the workers previously worked at a mall, they've had no human contact for quite some time. 
Alright. Alright, I'm... proud of our team today. It was uh... You know, I thought our defense did a great job keepin' us in the game, and again, I think the offense has a lot of room for improvement and all that... starts with me. Questions? Yeah. No. Guys, I'm not gonna take any requests for my microbiome. I just wanna focus on the team. We're 10-1 now, you know, but, we can't let up. Yeah? Okay, I'm not, I'm not gonna stay our here, you guys. It's just- Does anyone have a real question? Nono, no. See, I'm not gonna tell you where I'm going, because you're all gonna try and follow me into the bathroom. You're not taking my feces, so unless you have a football question, we're done here. Hey, everybody. [moves to the middle of the room, in front of a bookcase] Oh God, not again. Alright, everybody out. Come on, let's go. Nope, nope, that's all. If you people want a healthy microbiome, then proper diet and healthy choices, alright? That's it! You are all being ridiculous! [the doors open and Kyle enters, stepping down into the living room. His eyes are still glowing blue.] Okay, look. I got sick of people going to my basement and screwing with my plumbing I stopped flushing them because people kept breaking my pipes to get them. I mean, you'd all do the same thing if people were always trying to steal your shit. [Kyle's glowing eyes check out every bit of the poo cellar, which also serves as the wine cellar] 
Okay, thank you, Chris. We'll get back --  Yeah, that's basically what the Lil' Qties are doing too, right, Chris? Well, the Kommunity Kidz are acting on something they believe in and so are the Lil' Qties, am I right? What is the difference? Okay, let's just -- And explosive powder keg of humanity is set to go off at South Park Elementary!  Thousands of people have turned up to get their shot -- that one shot that could change everything. But also in the crowd are several people who want to stop those vaccines from happening. At the center of it all -- that amazing group of kids who are just taking the time for what they believe is right. I'm talking, of course, about the Lil' Qties. A group of youngsters that believe vaccines are harmful -- I'm not trying to be cute. I'm saying if these kids really believe the horrific things they believe, then they'd be bad people not to go out and do something about it, wouldn't they? Okay, okay, Chris, let's just get back to the weather.  Oh, here we go, here we go. Okay, let's just -- 
Once again the town of South Park is on high alert after a sexual predator escaped from custody. Everyone who's out at bars or restaurants for St. Patrick's Day need to be on the lookout for the sexual psychopath.   And now... St. Patrick's Day, the only holiday left where white people could celebrate a culture... has been cancelled. And as for the mysterious, sexually charged being who groped and assaulted so many. He... is doing five years community service. 
