Okay, folks, we are com-, half-way complete with today's broadcast.  $320!That's a steal. Now th-oh, there go the phones, they're lightin' up. I believe we have a sale? Do we have a sale? Yea- let's get her on the line. Hello? Who am I speakin' with? Vivian, you just got a heck of a deal. What's your last name, sweetheart? You can't remember. Well can you remember your credit card number? Hold on, Vivian, we'll get you on with a rep, take down that number. Thanks for shoppin' with us and congratulations on the lovely 14 karat gold sapphire earrings. At that price you practically stole them from us. Ouch. Okay- Oh my gosh, can you believe this? Somebody's about to get this $20,000 topaz and copper ring for just four thousand bucks.  We've got our buyer on the line. You buyin' this as a gift, sir? How about that, folks? That is Brazilian emerald, finest emerald available. We're letting this oen go fer... fourteen ninety five  Show 'em your life had meaning. And that's it, we just sold this bracelet to Ms. Marcia Tubbs. Marcia, thank you so much for your call. You just got yourself a heck of a deal on this one. You there Marcia? Alright, you're lost walkin' on the freeway? Enjoy the Tiger's Eye Aquamarine bracelet. Alri- okay, what should we do next? Oh I see one. Here's a good'un. Lemme...  Lemme... lemme set the stage for you here: you're goin' to that seniors' cocktail party? It's bingo night and you're lookin' for somethin' to wear? How about a 13 carat panzoto-panzanite ring. This is-oh! We got a caller already on this one! Hello sir, you must be a fan of panzoto-panzanite. ...What's that? Okay, we're gonna sell this ring for just thirty-seven ninety five.  Alright, well you shouldn't say things like that 'cause... some host of a jewelry channel sure might up and do it, and then you'd feel really bad. Yes you would. Alright, well how about this?! If a jewelry network host goes home tonight and blows the brains out, you might be liable. That's a lawsuit worth ...2.7 million dollars? How's that sound?   Well, you think it's funny, but that's, that's callin' up and tellin' someone to kill themselves; that's not a joke. Folks, these are not your ordinary peridot craponite earrings, these are 18-karat gold! and we got-oh, do we have a buyer on the line? Hello? Alright Goddamnit, we got another comedian. Ever since that little kid called up, now everybody wants to call and tell me I should kill myself. Folks, this is an 800 number. Every time you call and tell me to kill myself, it's costing us... two dollars and thirty six cents! So now, how about a caller who wants to buy jewelry ? Yes. Hello, sir? Goddamnit I'm not scared to do it. Yes ma'am! Alright, that's that! That there's the- the straw that broke the camel's back! I got a gun right here; whattaya think about that?! 