Dude, my car sucks. I gotta get a new one.  Chef, we just got served. Over at the True Value parking lot. There were just these kids we never saw before showed up and they were like, really good dancers and, we don't really understand what it means, but I guess- Some, kids from Orange County. No. But Dad, I don't know how to dance or nothin'. But Dad-  What? I thought I was supposed to! But why? I, I don't know. He seems all right.  Yeah, I'm- I'm right here, Dad. Okay, good.  God dammit! Hey guys. Uh- You guys know how to dance, right? Cool, because, there's this competition on Saturday, and I have to find the very best dancers in South Park to be on my crew. My friends can't do it because they suck ass, so, will you be in my dance troupe? Okay, that'll work fine. Listen, there's a dance competition this Saturday and I need good dancers so I don't get served.  Please, you guys, our whole town's reputation is at stake! Will any of you do it? Great!  All right, we gotta find three other kids that can dance. The arcade? Dude, he's incredible.  Hey kid, you're pretty good. How would you like to join our dance troupe? Yeah.  Dude, we need you. It's all right. My friend Chef is gonna coach us. All right, that's three! Huh? Oh yeah.  Wait a minute. I know just where to go! Ah actually we were just hoping we could talk to you guys real quick. And so we're putting all the best dancers in South Park together to beat Orange County. So you'll do it? All right, we just need one more person! What? The state tap champion is from here? Who? Leopold Stotch...? Wait a minute. You mean... Butters, listen. There's gonna be a competition this Saturday, and we want you to join our troupe. It's a dance-off. We heard you were tap dancing state champion two years ago.  But, you were, weren't you? Y-you went to the nationals in Nebraska. We just asked him to join our dance troupe. We heard he was state tap champion. Dammit, where are we gonna get our fifth member? A duck? Dude, don't be stupid! Those OC kids are professional dancers! Now come on, there's gotta be one other talented person in South Park. All right, so you're sure he can dance? Hey, he- Is that the only song he'll dance to? My friends, I think we have ourselves a dance troupe. Yeah, dude, the best dancers South Park has to offer. We're gonna get served on Saturday, aren't we? Well that was the whole point of the whole thing was that the guys came back and they said we were gonna get served and we were like-  I came to ask you one more time to join the crew. Everyone is practicing really hard, but... I don't think we have any kind of shot without you. Your mom says you were one of the best dancers in the country. Yeah. She said your shoe came off. It wasn't your fault. Look, Butters, accidents happen. We all have to live with that. Well, it was nine, actually. One of the women was pregnant. And eleven if you count the two family members that killed themselves afterward. But that isn't the point, Butters!  The point is that this is now! It's on! And there are people who need you to step up! Look, nobody likes having to rise to a challenge. But competing against other people and getting in their faces saying "Haha! I'm better than you!" is part of life. And if you can't face that, then you might as well sit here and play Legos until you're an old man.  What? What happened?? Aw, what do we do, Chef?! Butters!  All right Butters! 