You guys! Oh my God you guys! You guys, they're gay!  They're totally gay! Kenny and Tolkien. Kenny and Tolkien, dude. They're so gay. Butters told me. No dude. In those old abandoned buildings around Kenny's house, Kenny and Tolkien turned it into a big ninja clubhouse. And they dress and play ninjas in it trying to scare people away. It's the gayest thing ever dude? Ninjas are fuckin' dumb! Dude, come one! We've gotta go see this!  Oh my God they're so gay you guys. Ah, no, we're good, thanks.  Oh my God this is a sausage party!  That's pretty cool. Totally dude, ninjas are sweet.  Dude, can I talk to you for a minute? Listen, I don't think we should let Kyle be a ninja, okay? He said ninjas were gay. He's probably gonna try and turn it around on me, but that's 'cause Kyle knows I heard him. Yeah, cool... it's me, Butters. I'm just, I'm just Butters, man. I have problems with lots of things. Yes I do, Butters.  Yeah, we're pretty bad-ass, and um, this is, like, our fortress, and you can see it's really cool. Yeah yeah yeah, and it's like, we can do whatever we want, and people are scared of us, it's totally rad! Oh my God! I never said it was gay! That is a total lie!! Why would I say anything homophobic about the way Tweek and Craig make love?!  He's a lying, backstabbing Jew! So then, after you told me, we went over to Kyle and Stan when they were playing basketball, remember? And we said Kenny and Tolkien were playing ninjas, and Kyle said that ninjas were gay, and I said ninjas are gay, but it was a question. You remember? No nonono, see? Now Kyle got everyone remembering it wrong because he doesn't wanna get kicked out of the group. That's what Jews do when they get caught in a lie. You cannot trust a Jewish ninja, Butters. Whoa, dude. They're fuckin' ninjas, dude! Ah, excuse me. Can I just set the record straight on something? Should Jews be trusted?  Uh I mean, if one of us is a Jew, do you see that as being at all problematic? YES!  Oh—oh, oh—oh! Oh—oh, oh—oh! What did I tell you guys? You guys, I know this is hard for all of us. But to truly be ninjas, we must face hard facts. Last night I spoke in private with our ninja leader overseas. We talked a long time about Jews and the Hebrew faith. He told me a lot I didn't know. And I was able to tell him some things he did not know. But after talking with that guy, it is abundantly clear to me that Jews cannot be ninjas. I went to Kyle's house to talk to him about it, and I found this.  Kyle knew I would never call ninjas gay. When I take the gag off, he's going to try and tell you that I'm lying now. Do not believe him. Kyle is a liar.  Who, who is this? ...and I am Tolkien. Why do I do these things, you ask? Black rage. Oh, I get the misunderstanding now. No, see, I told Clyde that Kyle said ninjas were gay, but Clyde thought I was Kyle, so then he was saying that I said ninjas were gay, meaning I as in Kyle. No! You CAN'T kick me out! I have to be a ninja! They hate Jews. I was made for this, you guys! Please! I told you guys. What did I tell you? I said ninjas are fuckin' gay but you didn't wanna listen, nooo! 