 Oh you guys, you're not gonna believe it! Guess what I have sitting in my back yard? Better. Better. Better. Thirty-three aborted fetuses.  Oh yes. Mint condition, tax free. Oh, I guess you don't watch the news, Kyle! Stem cells, numbnuts!  It's been proven, Jew! I saw it on 3-2-1 Contact. With all the research that's going on, stem cells are worth three times their weight in gold. What I have in my back yard is an aborted treasure chest. Fine! I don't need you assholes! I can sell these fetuses all on my own! Yes, I'm making a delivery of these fetuses hyah?  Gee, that's terrible. So, uh who do I talk to about payment?  You're gonna love these fetuses, Larry. They're top notch. ...What?! We made a deal, Larry! I brought them all the way down here already!  Not now, Mom, I've only unloaded three feti; I've gotta sell the rest before they spoil.  eh, Butters? Are you through databasing the clientele sheet?  Alright, well, you gotta take over the telemarketing for a bit.  Just remember what I taught you and follow protocol. Next number to try is on the list. What is this, a PTA meeting?   In the ...hospital? Why?  Die? Kenny? Yeah. Yeah, of course. Let me get my coat.  We got you a present: it's a Gobo fighter. Heh, sorry.   ...You know, it's funny, Kenny. Stan and Kyle have always been sort of two best friends, you know, and... well I- I don't know if I ever told you this, Kenny, but um... I kind of always thought you were my best f-friend. I don't know. Don't you worry, Kenny. I I'm gonna find a cure for you. Everything's gonna be okay!   ' No! No, I mean, I, I got somethin' in my eyes. It's this uh, the air in here is just- uh.  Oh man. I'm gonna find a cure, Kyle. I swear to God I'm gonna find a cure. Doctor, can you tell me exactly how stem cells work? Not at all, but go on.  My God... So then, could stem cells be used on someone whose muscle tissue is wasting away? In other words, if a little boy was dying from a muscular disease, the stem cells could become new muscle tissue. Well, so then, if the stem cells are placed nest to s Shakey's Pizza, they would become another Shakey's Pizza! And you'd have your own Shakey's Pizza where you didn't have to charge yourself to eat! Hmmm. Looks like someone is gonna have to try and change the government's mind.  There's a pretty brave kid fighting for his life in the hospital right now, doctor. I'm gonna get him some bigger boxing gloves. Oh, doctor.  Oh, and doctor. ...Ah, never mind.  And so you see, now that the ban on stem-cell research has been lifted, we can sell your fetus to companies like Alder Labs. Look, I can offer you seventy-five dollars for that fetus right now, Jill.  Oh, I'm sorry to hear that, because uh, there's a little boy dying in a hospital right now who sure could use that baby more than you could. The stem cells from your fetus could help save his life. Alright! Now Kenny has a fighting chance. You guys! Come quick!  It's...  Look.  Stupid fetuses? It's my own Shakey's! I think I only need a hundred or so more aborted babies,  and I can finish up the kitchen. Aah! Kyle! ''[Kyle punches him across the face a few times] Kyle! ''[Kyle delivers a series of punches to the chest] 