This sucks balls. Ever since you guys moved, everything just keeps changing. I mean, how are all us kids supposed to have any hope anymore? All I think about is all the problems our generation is inheriting: climate change, overfishing, Kyle. I mean, how are we supposed to get happy about anything?  Hey there, Stan. You input all the weed orders? Kids are being handed a world that's broken and sick. We aren't the ones who messed this planet up, but we're the ones who will pay the price.  What's going on? What did that guy do? Detention centers?  Well, this is nice! When did we start doing this? So anyone can make an anonymous tip and you can round up families and send them away? Nobody told me about this! I thought everything sucked now! Do you have a card? Do you remember last week you called me a butthole in front of Suzie Tobler? I want you to apologize for every time you've been a dick to me, Kyle. Oh! Are you sure you don't want to take that back? Uh-okay Kyle. Just remember, I gave you a chance.   That's so sweet. Ha ha. No way.  Oh, hey Kyle. So weak. Jimmy pissed me off 'cause he told the teacher I was texting in class, so I told Jimmy I'd have him sent off to a migrant detention center. He didn't believe me, so I said "Oh, I already did it to Kyle." Stan heard that, so he got pissed off and had me sent off to a migrant detention center. I know. I know it sucks. But we're stuck in here together. Come on, buys. All we have to do is try to make the most of it. ''[smiles, then sings while bouncing around]<br/>It's a hard knock life for us.<br/>It's a hard knock life for us.'' Don't it feel like the wind is always howlin'? Don't it seem like there's never any light? Santa never comes for me. Santa Claus no está aquí.  Oh, my God, Kyle. I didn't even make the connection, you know? I was just like, Oh, I'm gonna have Kyle thrown into a detention camp. That'll be sweet," and I didn't stop to think that... for you guys... it's not that sweet. Man, if I had just thought it through for like, two more minutes, I would have got you back some other way. I feel terrible, Kyle. Why, Kyle? What are you gonna do with- Aluminum foil and some scissors.  Whoa! 