Hey whoa, whoa. What the fuck is going on? Hello?! It's St. Patrick's day. You guys this is Tegridy Weed's biggest day of the year. I need help with the St. Patrick's Day Special. Okay, yeah, great, don't worry about it, I'll do it all myself. Again.  This is God damn ridiculous. Piece a shit family.  Ugh, I'm just so stressed out! We have to make a huge profit today or the whole year is fucked. How's the St. Patrick's Day Special? Lemme see...  This is gonna be our best special ever! Come on, let's get the truck loaded up! Let's sell what we can from our drive up booth, and then later we can hit the Irish bar. What the fuck?  Hey! Excuse me! What do you think you're doing? No, you're not. So first you steal my idea of selling weed and now you're stealing my idea of doing a St. Patrick's Day Special! Is that right? Okay... Game on, motherfucker.    Oh. Uh... A very happy mornin', everybody! And a foine St. Patrick's Day to all of ye. I don't know if ya noohticed. But, uh, there's a farm across the street selling weed also... And the owner is actually 10 par-cent Irish! What I'm upset about is a wee little thing called "cultural appropriation". Ever heard of it? That's why we can't wear sombreros on Cinco de Mayo. Why we can't dress like Indians on Halloween. I'm looking at my point, you racist son of a bitch. You have no right to wear that stuff. It is offensive. Come on, guys! St. Patrick's Day is the one day of the year we have left where we can actually celebrate being white. Any other day that we tried to be proud of our culture, we would get immediately cancelled by Twitter! And yet for some reason, you're all over here, buying your weed from someone who is fine mocking our customs and traditions. Okay, yeah... Yeah, let's arrest the white leprechaun. Cuz, you know, can't have one day for a mostly white culture, right? Don't wanna get cancelled. I guess don't arrest him for cultural appropriations? Guess... Guess that only works one way, huh? Yeah yeah, you don't have to push me, copper.  I want my phone call. Yeah, I'm a real fucking leprechaun! Hell yeah we're gonna bust outta here, what do you have planned?  Uh, yes, this is Randy Marsh, I've been incarcerated. I need to speak with my attorney. Yes, I am aware of that. Listen to me carefully. The canary is in the cage. Oh, a confidential matter? Lawyer client privilege. Uh, you know, there's an officer standing right here, actually.  Stan! They got me locked up, you're gonna have to help me break outta here. We have to stop them. Listen to me... is your friend Tolkien there? Yeah, well, his piece a shit dad is trying to take over the St. Patrick's Day Special! You better care, because if we don't make money today you and sister are gonna starve. Do you understand? And I won't be able to pay the Wi-Fi bill. I need you to leave school, go home, and get a jar of the St. Patrick's Day Special weed and sneak it into the police station. I'm asking you to do one little thing. Ditch school, get weed, sneak into the police station. Do it or no more Wi-Fi, I mean it!  Wha... Wha... What's happening?! What's happening? I told you to bring me weed, not a cake! You don't fucking listen to me, do you?! You're incapable of ever doing anything right because--  It's simple... There's always cops looking to make a score. You just gotta find the one willing to trade some drugs for a favor.  Oh... Oh, man, that is strong... White people were slaves in history? Nuh-uh.  Hey, my bruthuh. You got a second? You don't wanna miss out on the only white holiday still allowed, do ya? How'd you like to be able to, uh, celebrate a little? No!  That's it. It's over. My plan is done. Me golden coins of spite!  Towelie... where is all the St. Patrick's Day Special? The weed's all gone, does that mean you were able to sell it? What?! So you mean that right now everyone down at the Irish bar is enjoying my special and they don't even know it?! Come on, let's go!  Stop right there, you piece a shit!  Is everyone enjoying the special?! Oh, yes, so did a lot of people. But you see there's just one thing wrong.  You see?! This is what happens when you appropriate a culture! It's sort of your special and it's sort of not your special... And nobody knows whose special it is. No! No no no no no! You don't get to say what you learned 'cause it's not your special! This holiday is about Tegridy. Whoa-a-a!  Aw... Aww! 