Okay, Stan, I'm gonna you... a UFO crash-landing card!  You can deny it, or cover it up.  It's "Investigative Reports with Bill Kurtis" funtime game. You have to decide if you deny it or cover it up. Okay, let's see what Bill Kurtis says.  Oh yeah?! Well, I'm gonna give you... AIDS!  I just gave you AIDS. Kyle has AIDS, and now loses 47 turns  God-damnit, poor people suck! Your family is already on welfare, and now they're gonna bring another kid into the world. Poor people are turning out babies, adding to the overpopulation, and they're expecting ''me'' to pay for it with ''my tax dollars''. ...You see.  Gaw, this is just what I've been talkin' about! I can't even re''late'' to you guys anymore because you're too immature! I've gotta start hanging out with friends that are a little more intelligent, and understand ...politics and stuff. It's just that... I'm up on this level up here . Nononono! Me h'myah  I've outgrown all my friends. I need to meet more mature people, Clyde Frog.  You see that, Clyde Frog? Tomorrow I'm gonna meet my first mature friend! Hi, are you Tony?  Yeah!   Wow, cool! Neato! Having older friends kicks ass, uh! You see, I've, I've really been having a tough time. I've kind of matured faster than my other friends ; we don't really relate anymore, and, and uh, alright uh, all my friends seem so childish now. Heh, yeah! That feels real nice! Thanks.  Huh?  What the hell just happened? Okay, we'll try this again.  Lemme see, how about this one?  Mister Hammerhead? Mr. Garrison?? You wanna be my friend? That's cool, we can hang out. What do you wanna do first? Why the hell does the FBI keep arresting all my friends? This ''has'' to be the work of Stan and Kyle! God, I ''hate'' those guys!  Alright, just what the hell do you guys think you're doing?! No! I mean, what the hell are you doing?! Why are all my mature adult friends being "mys-teriously" arrested, huh?!  I'll ''tell'' you why! Because ''you'' guys are jealous and can't handle the fact that you're immature, and so you've started a government conspiracy against me! Lardbut. Oh, that's so mature! Golly, I guess I was wrong about you guys, huh?! YES I AM!!  Dr. Mephesto, I need help.  You see, unfortunately I have matured faster than all my friends. I wanna hang out with older friends, but I can't find any, so I was wondering if you could genetically engineer some older friends for me. Damnit! But I wanna hang out with older guys! NAMBLA? Hokay, thanks, Dr. Mephesto!  Yes. I'd like to join your fine organization. Is that cool? Sure.  ...Sweet.  Nyanyanyanyah nyah nyah! Nyanyanyanyah nyah nyah! I got into NAMBLA and you gu-uys didn't! Oh, no big deal. I just found a group called NAMBLA with adult members, and they ''all'' think that I'm sure mature they want ''me'' to be their new poster child is all.  Thanks, dude.  Really? Awesome! Oh. Well, sure. I have some friends who want to be mature,  excluding Stan and Kyle, of course. KIIICK ASS! Oh, Stan, Kyle, just the guys I wanted to see! My NAMBLA organization is having a ''very'' important benefit in ''my honor''. We're gonna have a big, mature party at this hotel, and I can invite all my mature friends that I want. And that means I'm gonna invite everybody! Except for ''you'' guys! Nyanyanyanyah nyah nyah! Nyanyanyanyah nyah nyah! Well, ''that's'' nice, 'cause you ''can't'' go. You ''can't'' go. No, you CAN'T go.  Hey, Clyde, Butters, check this out  Hey, what the hell are you guys doing here?! This is for mature people only! Hunh.  Well, I guess nowadays, they allow any old schmucks into NAMBLA.  Thank you. They're all over the place. Uuh, that's, that's fine. I know how to get us out. Well, look. Those perverts aren't going to rest until they've made love to one of us. Right? So,... somebody's just gonna have to go out there and... take one for the team.  Now, are you a team player or not?! Well, Butters, there is no I in "team." Just go, Butters. We're running out of time. Heh, he's such a dumba-a-ass. Well, what? Alright, alright, I'm sorry I almost got you guys all raped. There. No, I guess you guys will blossom into maturity someday. Just don't take too long.  