 The ''Special'' Olympics? What's so special about them?  What? Dude. I can't believe they exploit handicapped people like this. I mean, making them compete against each other just for our amusement. What? What'd I do?  You guys! You guys! I have the best idea ever! I'm gonna be rich! Dude, I was just looking at the Special Olympics brochure, and check this shit out: "At the end of the Special Olympics, a Grand Champion Special Athlete is crowned and given a cash prize of $1000"  So?! So, dude, think about it. If somebody just ''pretended'' to be mentally handicapped, they could easily win the competition and get the thousand bucks! It's flawless! I'll act like I have a disability, and when the time come to compete I'll kick ass against all the handicaps! Terrible?? Whatever! You guys' brains just can't compute complex plans like mine can! It'll work, you'll see.  Why? What are you gonna do, Kyle?! Tell on me?!  All I have to do is make people think I'm handicapped, and I get a thousand dollars. It won't be easy, but nothing worth having ever is. Daaaarrrr. Duuuuurrrr. I wanna be in the Special Olympics.  Bull's eye! Drrrrrrey drrrrrrrey.  Hey guys, what's going on? Drrrrr. You see, gentlemen? The Special Olympics Championship and my one thousand dollars is just four days away.  I'm going to go sign up now. What?!  Moooommmm? Um, could I get you to do something for me? Um, okay. This is goin' ta sound a little strange. Um, but, stick with me. Um, moooommm? Would you mind coming with me to sign up for the Special Olympics so I can beat all the handicapped kids and win a thousand dollars?  I'm not special? I thought you always said I was special. ...I'll split the money with you.   Help me change? Awesome.  Naaaa! Daaaaa! Naaaa! Caaartmaaan! Daaaaa! ...How should I know? I'm retarded. Daaaaa! Enter.  Go on, Kyle. Well, Kyle, I understand where you're coming from, and I appreciate you being so direct. Um, the thing is, you really have kind a warped view on morality because you're Jewish. Now, Kyle, you haven't gone to see Mel Gibson's film, The Passion of the Jew. Let me finish. If you had seen The Passion you would know that Hell is reserved for the Jews, and all those who don't accept Christ. That being the case, it is actually me who is worried about your soul. Yes.  One thousand dollars, yeah!  Daaaa! Daaaa! Whoa. What the hell??  Well, guess I'll, guess I'll just have to kick ass in the other events.  God-damnit! All right, this one I can win!  God-damnit! Ah, screw you hippies! ...I could pile at Shakey's, heck.  Uh, Drrrr! Drrrr!  Uhh, hehe. Uh de-duhhhh. Well guys, I guess now you see what I was up to all along. I dressed up like a handicapped person and lost the Special Olympics on purpose, so that Jimmy could learn his lesson about steroids.  