Okay, children, this week we are all going to learn about parenting.  Heidi, you'll be with Eric. Annie, you'll be a family with Timmy. Millie, your husband is Craig. Powder, you and Kenny are a loving couple now. Aaand let's see who else we have here, uh... And, Wendy? Wendy will be with Kyle.  Just let me say what I came here to say. I know we had a falling out and... things were said that... shouldn't have been said. I want to apologize for calling you a faggot. Well, wait, wait, it gets better. I've forgiven you for walking out on me after I had my sex change, and uh...  And I'm ready to take you back, Mr. Slave! Well, give us a kiss!  What the hell is he doing here?! Well, that didn't take you long, did it?! Yes! Married?! You can't get married! You're faggots! Mr. Slave, I am legally a woman now! If you wanna get married, you have to marry ME! Oh, that's just great! They're gonna let queers and homos get married, huh?! We'll just see about this, you fudge-packin' fags!! I'll stop that gay-marriage law!   These homosexuals think they can just step all over our traditions! Well I say: Marriage is a holy sacrament between a man and a woman!  They passed this law behind our back! We need to tell the governor and the world that gay marriage is not okay! That homosexuals cannot muddy our traditions! And there is only one way for us, all together, to make that message very clear! We need to round up three or four queers and beat the livin' hell out of them!  Come on, everybody! Let's get some queers, and some trucks, and have us a good old-fashioned fag drag! Appeal to the Governor? Oh,come on! Where's your balls?! Fag drag!  Eh fah, fag drag? Governor, we have collected over one thousand signatures requesting that you veto this gay-marriage bill! Because you're the governor? Well, think of the children! If you allow gays to get married, then you're also givin' them full rights as parents to adopt. You think kids can be raised by queers??  But, if you had such a study, a scientific study which proved same-sex couples are incapable of raising a child...  Mr. Governor, I will get you that study.  You've all been doing a great job taking care of your eggs, but now we're going to mix it up a little. Wendy and Kyle will no longer be together. Let's see what happens when we put two same-sex couples together to take care of an egg, shall we?! Kyle, you are now with Stan! And Wendy is with Bebe!  Come on, Bebe. We'll take your egg for you and Wendy to look after. And we'll just take this egg for Stan and Kyle to look out for.  Wendy, we're doing an experiment.   And if not, we'll certainly prove a point to that goddamned Governor, won't we?  Never mind, just carry on, children. Just carry on as two reckless little boys will. Okay, children, it's Wednesday! Time for an official egg check! Heidi and Eric?  Okay, Annie and Timmy?  Powder and Kenny?  Now how about our ''gay'' couples? Stan and Kyle? What?  Are you sure you didn't break it and switch eggs on me?! Where's my signature?! Two boys can't possibly take care of an egg! It isn't fine! It has two daddies! You call that fine?! It may be fine on the outside, but inside it's confused and embarrassed! Look at the freak egg! It has two daddies!  Two daddies! Two daddies! Come on, class, let's rip on the freak egg! Two daddies! Two daddies! Damnit, damnit! Stan and Kyle's egg is still doin' fine! Those little assholes are screwin' up my entire plan!  What the hell is this?! You broke your egg?? Uh but you're partnered with a girl. Did you tell anyone else about this? Did you tell your egg partner, Heidi? I can't do that, Eric! You have to get an A, Eric. Here: I'll sign this new egg for you. We'll pretend this never happened, all right?  Go enjoy the rest of your recess. ...Okay, well, you're welcome, Eric. Now, just run along.  Because I'm a nice teacher, all right? Nothing! It's all okay! Just take your damn egg!  Eric, you've never been anything but a problem for me! You're taking that egg! And if you break it again, I'll break both your legs, and burn down your house! Do you hear me?!  Urrgh, this scientific study isn't turning out the way I planned! Looks like I'm gonna have to... intervene. Are you Jakartha? Mrs. Garrison. I spoke to your associates on the telephone. I have a little... problem I need taken care of. I heard you're the best. It's an egg. I can pay two thousand now, three more when the job is finished. I don't care. Scramble it, fry it, do what you will! It has to look like an accident. What's the matter? You... afraid you can't do it? Can't say that I blame ya. That egg has caused me nothin' but problems since day one!  I guess... you're not as good as they say you are... Then why are you scared of one little egg?! That's more like it!  Thank you, Governor. Ladies and Gentlemen, with the help of some adorable fourth-grade students, we've completed our scientific, ''non-biased'' study of fags having kids. Come on up, children.  The parents were grouped together as male and female. As you can see...  Yes, what is it?! I'm a little busy!  What?? Y-your... you're too late! No you can'- Hello? Hello!!  You told me you killed that freak egg!! Well it's here! You'd better make damn sure it doesn't reach these steps uncracked!  The the egg that the two boys were given just- In conclusion, Governor, you can rest assured that-!  Noo! Noooo!! 