Dude, no way!  Kyle, have you stopped to think that maybe the sex wasn't consensual? Isn't it possible your mom was raped by the UPS man? We know nothing about this guy and he shows up to all of our houses. Think about it: what kind of sane, normal person would wanna have sex with Kyle's mom? No, hear me out, you guys. Haven't you seen those ADT commercials? "Women these days get raped by perfectly normal-looking white guys in broad daylight." It may be too late for Kyle's mom, but I'm getting some God damned security! Oh no, really? Mom, do you wanna get raped?! Haven't you seen their commercials?! You can get raped by a white guy these days, Mom! What-what do you mean? Oh my God, I knew it! Kyle ''is'' always taking my stuff! Just yesterday I couldn't find my iPod headphones! That sneaky little Jew! Yeah Mom! There's dangerous people trying to screw us both! Oh fuck.  Hello? Uh yeah, sorry, I live here, I just, I can't remember the code to turn off the alarm! Oh yeah yeah, my pass phrase is... Kyle is a dirty no-good Jew.  No wait, Kyle is a no-good lying Jew. Uhhh, it is My friend Kyle is a no-good dirty...? Hang on, I've got it written down here somewhere. Sorry about this. 'Kay, thanks, I... Wait! Hang on a second! What do you mean "That's all right"! What if I was somebody trying to rape my mom?!  That's nice, you're so cool about me triggering the alarm and not knowing the password, but how do you know I'm not making it up?! I could have raped my mom twice by now!  I do, but ''you'' don't know that! I could be Kyle trying to take more of my shit! You'll get your money when you finish doing what I asked you, all right? Now as soon as I lock the door, just give me a few seconds to arm the system, then you break in and try to rape my mom. Okay? You got it?  Hello?  Hello, did you hear me? A rapist is here; he's white! Yes you should contact the fucking police! My mom is about to get fucking raped! He's goin' up the stairs, dude, you'd better hurry! Well that's nice, maybe they could bring some cigarettes and Gatorade, 'cause the guy's gonna be pretty wiped out!  The fuck?!  Who is there? Oh?! Ohhh?!  Yes? Yeah, hello? A man just broke into my house and is-  Varashnu? I didn't sign up to have some Indian guy call me- Are you even in the United States?! Oh, that is bullshit! Put your manager on! Heh- hello? No, everything's not all right. How come a guy from India is calling me when my house is being broken into?! Dude, I'm not paying all this money to have some guy on the other side of the Earth try and protect me! Oh really? Oh okay. Gosh I'm so relieved! Thanks. There's still just one little problem: How do you know I didn't break into this house, set off the alarm, and now I'm stalling by being upset about the Indian guy and have actually stolen a bunch of shit, raped my mom, and you people have done absolutely nothing about it?! Yeah I just fucked your head and the UPS guy just fucked my mom!   Just wanted you to know that if you wanna steal somebody's stuff, you should look else''where''. Oh, fat bitch, huh?!  Well it just so happens that ''this'' fat bitch has INsecurity now, Kyle, and so I'm protected from ALL you greedy little Jews until you and your people DIE OUT! What?  Hello? Yeah yeah no, false alarm. I, I just heard some troubling news and it set off my INsecurity. Yeah, it's um... it's uloveboobs. No, "uloveboobs." Lower-case u love boobs. My password is uloveboobs! You, it's fucking hilarious! Now can you shut off my INsecurity please?! Okay. So anyway, Kyle, you'd better watch ih-!  Kyle? God damn it.  Yeah, no, false alarm again. I'm in the store and some fat bitch asked me if my dad likes cologne.   