 Oh no... Dude, this is unbearable. Aw dude, this is really hard. Throw 'em away!   Oh God...   Yeah. This is really their fault.  Who's Rob Reiner? You guys, maybe we should come clean right now and tell everyone that it wasn't the tobacco companies that made us want to smoke. Well it's just that, eh, this seems like another one of those times when things are gonna get way out of hands, you know? It's been happening a lot lately. How about this time we just put a stop to it right now? Oh no... But... isn't that, kind of, lying? What?? So, tobacco helped to build America. That sounds perfectly reasonable. But dude, you're making stuff up. Guys, I think we should bail out of this right now! This is just startin' to look like another one of those times where it-it's gonna end up with the whole town turning out, it's a big showdown happening, and us havin' to talk about what we learned, and I say we just stop right now, and go play cards or something. Go ahead. We don't wanna be in their stupid commercial. No, we really want nothing more to do with these people. What are you doing?  Cartman, you go ahead and do the commercial tomorrow. But I'm warning you, those anti-smoking people are liars and they're bullies who will stop at nothing to get what they want, and that means they're dangerous.   Who's going to kill you? Yeah dude, don't get us killed too.   No dude, get away! Yeah! Go to the tobacco company yourself! Yeah dude. You were totally wrong. No! What we really should do is go to our parents right now and take responsibility for smoking ourselves. Even if it means getting grounded. Because, if we go to the tobacco company, I know exactly what'll happen. They'll take us in, and then Rob Reiner will show up with all the townspeople, holding torches or something, and there'll be a big showdown until we talk about what we learned, and change everyone's minds - this is all following a formula! God-damnit!  No it isn't, you fat turd! Because, I've learned something today. You just hate-  See, I knew it. You just hate smoking, so you use all your money and power to ''force'' others to think like you. And that's called fascism, you tubby asshole! No. No we didn't, dude! No we didn't!  