 Don't they know the hazard of second-hand smoke? Yeah, that must be it.  This is war!!  Butter!!   Alright kids, here's what we're gonna do.  Once you're inside, mm, mm, I'm gonna take photos and then we'll publish them, saying that the tobacco company invited you over to seduce you into smoking. Got it? Uh, we're just leveling out the playing field.  Excuse me! Would you mind putting that death stick out?! Isn't smoking illegal in bars here? Oh my God! What kind of backward hick state is this?! Well when I relax I just go to my vacation house in Hawaii! Your vacation house in Mexico, then, whatever it is! Look, you are putting my life and these boys' lives in danger by smoking that in here! And I'm not gonna tolerate it! I will end smoking in bars in Colorado! There will be no more smoking here!  As soon as we get into the main facility, I'll snap the photo of you kids, and we can all run out! Think you can handle it? Heh, great.  Okay, now watch yourselves, kids. These tobacco company people will do ''anything'' to get you hooked on smoking. They are ''liars'' and they are ''frauds''!  Yes. My name is Rita Poon. I called about my boys wanting a tour. Oh. Hello, Mr. Harris.  Not if I were around, they wouldn't have. Oh, nothing! Please continue. Oh, here boys. Let me get your picture.  Got it! Ha! You bastards are going down now! I'm not Rita Poon! I'm Rob Reiner!  Hoh boy, that was great, kids. Hah, you see that? They got into your head. Now you kids can meet some good, decent people, the folks who work to get smoking banned!  We go state to state and do things like, use bogus studies and make extensive commercials to get the public on our side and force cigarette smokers to stop!   You kids need to understand something, okay? Sometimes lying is okay. Like, when you know what's good for people more than they do. What?!  God-damnit, what the hell is wrong with people in this state?! Well they want proof?! All right, we'll give them proof! Boys, I need one of you to act in a commercial for us! We'll shoot it tomorrow! And you boys decide which one of you will be best for the part. All right people, we've gotta get moving on the bill to ban smoking in Potsdam! Let's go! Okay Eric, this is going to be real simple. All you gotta do is read the words on the Teleprompter here.  Let's see how the tobacco companies deal with this.  All right, roll camera. Roll the TelePrompTer. And whenever you're ready, Eric. And cut! Great! We got it! Wrap it up, people. That was fantastic.   Give us the child! There, you see that?! The tobacco company won't give us the kid! And do you know why?! Because they know that if they give us that kid, then we'll kill him! And when our commercial goes on the air, it will lose them business! Yeah. When we kill the kid, people are gonna think it's because of second-hand smoke! And then these bastards are all gonna make money, and they know it!  Oh, God-damnit, do I have to explain this again?! Smoking is bad, people! So if we have to be a little extreme to stop it, it's okay! God-Damnit There'll be no more smoking!!  I'm warning you: don't mess with anti-smoking groups! My goo! My precious goo!  