Boy, I just don't get football. Guess that's why I suck at it. That's true. Old Eric tells me I should work at a Thai massage parlor, I'm so good at sucking. I got the balloon, Coach Marsh. Err, what should I do with it? Okay! Hey, hey, heh excuse me. Pardon me. Heh,  you guys look terrific. Wow, this game is great! Hey, whoa! Well I can't believe what I'm hearing!  We've been practicing and gettin' ready for this game, and you fellas just wanna quit?! This great game isn't about plays. It's about sportsmanship. And compassion. And when I look around this locker room, well I see some of the nicest, most compassionate guys I've ever met!  And Clyde! Well you give better hugs than anyone out on that field! Are we just gonna let North Park walk away with a victory because we think they know how to be nicer than us?  Bein' nice is about what's inside you! When your enemy is nice to you, you just be nice right back! And if they give you two balloons, well you give them three! And when they try an-and ''thank'' you for those balloons, you say "Ah I don't need any thanks! I did it 'cause it was the right thing to do!" And then you give them a smile! And when that other team tries to cover you, well that's when you gotta reach deep down. Right down to your creamy center. Well that place, well that place inside of you where, where all the gooey happy-lovin' goo sits and you just gotta use that and be the nicest, most compassionate player you've ever been, and let the world know that we will not fall down so easy! Huh? Oh jeez n-no, I I don't know, fellas. Yeah, but I uh, I I can't be team captain. I... Well I suck at everything. 'At's in there. It's overflowing sometimes.   Woohoo''hoo''hoohoo! Wuh wuuuhhh wuh!   I was havin' happy dreams, about a girl and-!  Okay Dad!  Wuh sure, Eric.  Uh-uh oh, no E-Eric, you're, why you're a great player. Oh, well, ye-Eric, ah I told you: everyone has a creamy filling inside them, where all the feelings of compassion and joy come from. Oh, didn't your dad ever tell you that? ...Oh right, I, I'm sorry. Well, everyone has a creamy filling, Eric. And and some people have so much of that filling that it, that it comes out sometimes. A lot of times, when I go to sleep, and especially if I've had them wonderful dreams that make me feel really good, sometimes I wake up, and when I wake up, I I realize some of my goo has come out.  But I always make sure I keep it, just in case I ever run out of all my sunshine happy feelings. My goo doesn't come out every night, but I sure do seem to have a surplus of it.  I don't know. Weh I never really thought of it that way.  Do you feel warm and compassionate? All right, first string, cover those wideouts. Tell 'em how much you like their outfits! Clyde, Tolkien! Hug those two players and give their quarterback a kiss.  Stay positive, Stan! All right guys, cuddle up, cuddle up!  Now what is goin' on out there? Oh, all right. Well all right, here you go.  Like me! 42! Red 13! Sunshine and happy thoughts! Sunshine and happy thoouughts! HUT!   Mr. Marsh, listen. I know you care about your son, but he's a heck of a player! He's good at tickling, laughing, and getting along. What's sarcasm and what's cum?  DAD! Hey, Dad! My wiener is all stiff and pointy! Thanks, Dad. 