Butters, w-where is everybody? Christopher Reeve? Christopher Reeve?! I know who he is! But why is everyone ditching my comedy show to see ''him''?! So then, how come ''you'' came? Say, fellas! Thanks a lot for goin' to my ...c-comedy show!  I know that, I was being f-f-f-fa...cetious!  Ooh, Christopher Reeve! Whoop-de-freakin-do! I put together a comedy show and I was crippled from BIRTH!   Can you believe this asswipe, Timmy? Why is a celebrity who became crippled more important than us that were born that way, very much. Hey there fellas. Say, would you guys like to join our club? Oh, I'm sorry. You can't. You aren't crippled.  To be in our club, not only do you have to be c-c-crippled, but you have to have been ''born'' that way. Do you know what that means? No butthole Superman asswipe Christopher Reeve! Sorry, able-bodied, you can't join.  Hello, Mr. McGillicuuhuhuhh... Mr. McGillicuddy.   Why not?  ...There's already a Crips?! No, we never have. Are they crippled from birth or are they cripple wannabes like Christopher Reeve? Can you believe it, Timmy? All this time there was a group for truly crippled people like ourselves, and we didn't know it. Come on. We have to take the bus to Five Points in Denver. Excuse me, sir.  we're looking for a group of people called the Crips. Do you know where they meet? We've already tried the rec center and the library.  Oh, it's okay. We're Crips ourselves. Come on, Tim-Tim. Well hello everyone.  I'm Jim Swanson, and this is my friend Timmy.  Well, let us tell you a little bit about ourselves. Timmy and I are both true Crips, born and raised. We're the only Crips in South Park, where we live, and we would love to join your fa-fa-fantastic Denver chapter. We just have one question before we join your c-club. Do you think it's better to be ''born'' a Crip, or to become a Crip later by accident? I agree. I mean, it's like  "come on"! Why do these people who become crippled later in life think they're such great pot-potatuhs? Well, we're glad you see it our way, fellas. So can we join your g... group? Well, sure. Tim and I would love to pop some punk-ass Bloods. We're terrific at it.  I don't know, Timmy, just play along. Down like a clown, Charlie Br... Down like a clown, Charlie B-broooowww... Down like a clown, Charlie Browh... Bro-uh-own. Down like a clown, Charlie Br-Brown.  Say Timmy, did you notice that all the crippled people in that club are negros? That's an amm-mmazing coincidence. I mean, there's not one crippled colored person in South Park.   Well hello, officers. We're goin' to pop some punk-ass Bloods.  Let's buy them ginger ale and marshmallows. Then they'll let us in the club for sure. Suh, suh, suh, suh, Sssunday driver! So does that mean we can join the c-c...club? Wow, these guys really are crippled.  Timmy, I have a feeling that this is the start of something b-b-b-b...b-b-brilliant. Thanks for the ride home, fellas. We sure had a ...terrific time. You dawgs keep it real, too.  Well, that sure was a terrific time. Let's go all around tomorrow and show everyone our new outfits, Timmy. Whatup, Mazie? Ye-yo, Pops? No need to worry about me. I'm cool like a fool in a swimming ppp-ppp-pp-pp-pool.  Hello. We'd like two orders of Kung... Pao Chicken, please. What's that? Oh, and one medium lemonade, please.  Huh? Ah- are you sure?  Look Tim-Tim, we got a cash prize. We must be the ...one hundredth customer or something. Actually, it was a regular lemonade. Gee, thanks a lot. See you next time.  Yo, Mamsie. What's up, Pops? A what? Oh, you mean the fellas. Well sure. But I can't talk about the club on account of its sssuper secret, dawg. Why you be trippin', Mom? I mean  come on. I'm finally a part of something, very much. Yo, don't be dissing my n***as, dawg. They're my f-friends.  Nobody cared about my standup comedy! All that hard work just to be outshined by C-Christopher Reeve the super b-butthole! Right. Because you and Mom used to make fun of crippled kids in high school. Look! My gang, which I can't talk about because it's super secret, is the most important thing to me now! And if you two don't like it, you can just pass the blunt to the n***a on your left.  Sixty-five... bottles of... beer on the wall. Six-   Any word on who shot up me and Timmy's houses, officer? The... B-Bloods? The-they do?? But... but why do they hate each other? Oh, so you used sssytemm cells like Christopher Reeve?  Oh boy, Timmy, we should have never started a gang for people crippled from birth. Now they're at war with the people who are crippled from an accident. Boy were we wrong. Wow, w-we've got to do something, Timmy. We've gotta get the Crips and Bloods to s-stop fighting. I bet if we could just get them together... but how? Wu-wait a minute! I've got it! A lock-in at the rec center! We did it for our church once. All we do is rent out the rec center overnight. They lock the doors so nobody can leave, and then everyone has the whole night to play in the swimming pool and laugh and talk. You get all the Crips you can to the rec center tomorrow night, Timmy. And I'll try to get all the ...Bloods there. This is gonna be t-terrific! Come on in, everybody. Lots of su-surprises and t-treats inside.  Great to see you all. What a terrific audience. We sure do. Thanks, Mr. Apple...b-by. You bet.  Oh, we will.  It's called a lock-in at the rec center. We can use all the rec center facilities. We can play basketball, go swimming, or even just kick it in the lounge area with some games and ...p-puzzles. But nobody can leave until it's seven a.m., so if you wanna have a good time, you're all just gonna have to learn to get along.  Theeerrre's pizzaaa. Hold it! Don't you see? It doesn't matter if we were crippled from birth, or crippled in an accident. We're all brothers. Look, we have the whole rec room to ourselves. Can't we all just try having some fun together? Why don't we at least give it a chance? I mean,  I said, "I mean,  Come on!"  Come on. Come on. I told you, lock-ins at the rec center always work. And you know, I've learned something, too. I was player-hatin' Christopher Butthole Reeve because he got more attention than me. But just like... y-you guys, I need to learn to control my a... anger. I guess we all learned that trying to get along is way better than p... player hatin'.  The gang wrote a song about it. Why don't we listen in? 