 I won't do it, Mimsy. I won't spend another summer at that stupid camp. We hate camp, Mimsy. The singing, the competitions, Jimmy Valmer getting all the chicks. Shut up, Mimsyyyy! I'm not gonna spend my summer trapped at that camp with these punch-happy assholes. We gotta find a way to put Handicar out of business, and fast. Shh-shh.  Yes, Counselor Steve. We like the tug-of-waaarr. Come on, Mimsy, we gotta figure out how we're gonna make Handicar a thing of the past. His name is Timmy Burch.  And if you don't do something quick, you're all gonna be out of work for good. Just someone who doesn't like to see hard workers like yourselves lose their jobs. That's all. Just ignore my friend. He's mentally disabled. Now listen, everybody. If you're a sheepherder, and there's a snake taking away your sheep, what do you do to the snake? No, you fucking moron! You kill... the snake!  Just imagine it, Mimsy. A whole summer to ourselves to do what we want. It's going to be awesome.  Well well, hello gentlemen. I understand you've taken care of our little problem? Oh boy, that's great-wait, you what?? Let me give you guys a hot news flash: If you want to hurt a crippled kid, you don't break his FUCKING LEGS! How can people be so ineffectual, Mimsy? These are supposed to be men who care about their occupations.  Shut up, Mimsyyyy! Hey Timmy, it's your friend from camp, Nathan. Listen, you can't possibly handle all this business you're getting. Admit it. You've got more customers than you can handle. I've got an amazing idea. Why don't you let other people drive Handicars too? Think of all the money you could raise for camp if you expand your business. I'm sure you could find a lot of interested drivers. That's great. Summer camp, here we come.  Now kiss your business goodbye, asshole! It's very simple, Mimsy. I'm gonna take down Handicar by being an employee who sexually harasses the passengers. It's simple. If you're a sheepherder and a snake is killing your sheep, you just need to have the snake get sued for sexual misconduct. Now, you find me a female passenger on that app and leave the rest to me.  So, let me ask you a question. Would you like to see my dick? Uh oh! Mimsy! Hel- help, Mimsy!  I had a handicap way before you got paid to have one! Shut up Mimsyyy! Of course. It's very simple. If you're a sheepherder, and a snake is killing all your sheep, how do you get rid of the snake? You are. Handicar.   Hey Timmy. How is the fundraising for camp going?  We are doing some fundraising too. Have you heard of my friend Elon Musk from Tesla? Hey, how would you like to have a friendly little race? It would be great publicity for your fundraising and for ours. Whattaya say, Timmy? A friendly race this Saturday? We'll see you at 9am sharp.  Slow down. I need Timmy to pick up the passenger before we do. He can't just lose the race, he has to get sued and lose the whole business. That's why when he picks up the passemger, I've got a little surprise waiting for him.  Hey Mimsy.  That's it! Handicar has the passenger! We're almost in range! Another hundred feet!  Goodnight, you son of a bitch!  Mimsy! I told you to put the explosives under Timmy's seat! Not that fake soft-spoken douchebag that everyone loves!  Yeah I like to sleep at nighttime. Wait!  Wait, Mom? Can we talk? This is very difficult, Mom. But um... You know how every year I go to summer camp? Well, I hate it. I hate it and I don't want to go anymore. What's to understand? I'm telling you I don't want to that stupid camp anymore! No! I don't wanna go to camp! No! That's not what I fucking said!  Goddamnit, now I can't even see! Ow!  Oh! Aah! Mimsy! 