 Hey guys. What's up? What are you guys talkin' about? Bullcrap, you're all talkin' about me again. 'Cause you're judgmental bitches.  Ehhh. I look what? What? I look fat? Is that what you wanna say, Wendy? Fuck you, bitch!  "Mehmehmehmehmehhh, Heidi". I'm just trying to enjoy my lunch here! Can I do it without you guys shitting on all over me?!  You wanted to see me, Mr. Mackey? What? Judge a special needs science fair? Ahem, no thanks. Uhh, yeah? It's Saturday, and I don't wanna be at skewl? So now I'm gonna be punished by being force to judge a bunch of handicapped kids?! Well how can you expect students to commit to things a month in advance?!  I don't even know what I want for dinner tonight. You're gonna force me to come to skewl on a Saturday?! Oh what? Are you gonna call me fat now too?! It just so happens I'm a vegan, which means it'd difficult for me to get enough protein, so my body doesn't burn fat, it burns muscle, which makes it look like I'm fat, but I'm actually WAY healthier than any of YOU!! Oh, Goddammit! This is bullcrap! How can they force me to be the science fair judge?! Now I know how it feels to be a slave! Yes it is! Am I being paid to judge the science fair? No. Do I have a choice? No. "Ohhh, yes masah. Lemme judge that science fair for ya, suh!" Theresa, don't get all aggro on me because you're pissed off your family lives in a trailer. That's what I said. Your family lives in a trailer. Right. That's called a "trailer park." I'll try, but she's such a bitch. Oh, looks like Isla has something to say, you guys. Hold on, I'm sure this is going to be really profound. Go ahead, Isla, knock us out with you wit and satire. This should be good, you guys.  Oh hey babe, what's going on?  Nothiiing, just talking to my girlfriends about tiny homes. Butters. How would you like to be the judge for the Special Ed Science Fair this weekend? Yeah, don't make up excuses because judging handicapped students sounds terrible! Because nobody wants to be trapped, in a gym, with Special Ed Science. Look, it's all just a complete waste of time! It's not like the Special Ed Science Fair is actually gonna contribute to society.  What the hell is going on?! Everywhere I turn, people are being given handouts while I'm forced to work my ass off! It's total bullshit!  Relax?! How can I relax?! I get straight A's! I ace every test! And who gets all the support?! The Special Ed Department! Fellow students, I have asked to speak today because of the hypocrisy and bullying that is coming from the administration at this so called... skewl. It is an outrage that our principal and counselor denand our participation in privileged programs that are outrageously overfunded. Why is it that the school allows funding that only goes to special needs students? Are the rest of us not special? If we are continually asked to work for no money and ask our parents to pay for our programs, then soon we will all be poor, and forced to live in a trailer park like Theresa. Theresa,  What did you say?! GET THIS OVER WITH?! You're supposed to be supporting me! Being supportive doesn't mean you criticize me, asshole! Just forget it! My point is, if the school administration doesn't cancel the science fair, I will see to it that they are all fired for discrimination! It's cancelled. You guys can get all this shit out of here and leave. Thank you!  Are you just gonna stand there?! Do something! I want you to have some BALLS and act like you care about me!  Call me a bitch again! That's what I thought! If nobody else is going to do anything, I will!  Move it! Get the fuck out of the way! I said get out of the way, you assholes!  Shit!  I don't... have to listen... to anybody! Fuck you! Well I'm sick of everyone treating me like shit!  Screw all you guys!  Is there something you wanna talk about? Whatever. It's Saturday, and I'm not in skewl.  How come we never snuggle anymore?! We used to snuggle all the time and it's totally gone away! What happened?! SNUGGLE! Goddammit, how come there's nothin' to watch on Saturday but kids cartoons?! Oooo.  What's goin' on in here? I feel somethin' moving around. I-it-   SNUGGLE! 