 Move. Move aside, kids. Official business! We understand that you're about to have a science fair with some very interesting experiments. We're here to help however we can. Your special ed department has all our resources and all our support. This science fair... just might be what saves us all. Good. Bring it on in. These kids need to have access to everything they need. That's correct.  Are these the special water bears that we read about on your school message board? Then they are the key to our survival, boys.  There's no time for that! We need everyone working on Jimmy and Timmy's project. I'm gonna let you kids all in on a little secret. We don't wanna create a panic, but... the End is very near. And we have very little time. The government? Wuh we aren't the government. Not you, us. We're with... the NFL. Our fans are leaving at an exponential rate. We've been hit with anthem protests, protests of those protests, and worst of all, concussions. The more reports that come out, the more people are getting turned off by football. We've been experimenting with water bears because... we believe they are our last hope. No. We've been experimenting with water bears to try and make them... FANS. We're running out of time. We have to see if these water bears truly are different. Insert the box.  What are the water bears doing? These water bears are different.  You can't cancel the science fair. We're on the verge of a breakthrough here. You don't understand! The Special Ed Science Fair is our only hope! I think you all fail to see the seriousness of our situation! Football is dying!  will stop this Special Ed Science Fair! Let me see that!  Little girl, stop!  It doesn't have to end this way. Little girl, please! What you have in your hand is very special. Think about the NFL. How much joy it brings to everyone! Look, if you- if you don't do it for the NFL, what about humanity? Those creatures are showing the first signs of sentience. Think about what they could mean for science. For medicine. Making people better. I'm afraid, Commissioner, that the Special Ed Science Fair failed to produce more viable water bears. Not quite.  