For our science fait project, we will be showing the destructive force of nature by simulating a volcano! With vinegar and baking soda, we will make this paper-mâché volcano EXPLODE. With the power and fury of Mount Kilauea. Our science fair project is sure to be... a blast. Get it? A. Blast. We've done it, Mimsy. We're gonna win the science fair for sure. And then, every chick in this school is gonna wanna have sex with us.  Not those chicks, numbskull. I'm talkin' 'bout bitches. You know what girls like? They like winners. And when we win the science fair, we're gonna be up to our ears in pussy. Well hello, gentlemen. Thought we'd stop by to see how your- science fair project is going.  So what are you guys workin' on? Oh. Water bears.   What? Uh what are you talking about? What-? How-?  Where the fuck did you learn about these things? Well, not really, because the science fair is supposed to be an experiment. I fail to see what the experiment is here.  Shhh, shut the fuck up!  Mimsy, do you know what Jimmy is? He's a cock blocker. Every time I come up with a way to score with the ladies, there's Jimmy tryin' to one-up me. This science fair is supposed to finally make us successful enough to get chicks. ...  Well hello there, ladies. We just wanted to remind you  that this weekend is the Special Ed Science Fair. Yeah, that's right. Pretty soon you'll all be impressed with what you see. Hope you can make it.  Did you see that, Mimsy? The way those girls bit their bottom lips when I said "science fair"? We're about to be drowning in muff. Special Ed class isn't for another two hours. What? What's goin' on?  What social advancement? The hokey pokey?  You've gotta be fucking kidding me. Gentlemen, perhaps I can interest you in a lava volcano. You won't believe your eyes when I add some simple baking soda. This is bullshit! The Special Ed Science Fair is turning into a lovefest for Jimmy and Timmy's project! They're gonna get all the fame and glory!  Mimsy and I did some experimenting with the water bears on our own. It was us who made them evolve, so we should be the ones working for the government. Ahhh, Iii see the box.  What, what's in the box? Uhhh, they're just walkin' around and ubb, oh wait! They appear to be interested in the box. Oh! Uh okay, Jesus Christ! Hey, uh wait a minute! The water bears have changed again. I think it's working. Wha-ah? Don't listen to them. Give the water bears to me. I deserve all the fame and bitches. 