Oh, is it someone's anniversary soon?  Just kidding.  Oh, I wonder what it is. Well, looks like we're gonna have to do somethin' extra-special for Mommy and Daddy's anniversary this year. How about on Saturday we all go have dinner at Bennigan's! Butters: Don't be silly, Mom. Of course he means you.  Butters, you're in charge of the house. Well, honey, you've painted the entire house. Three times.  Say Butters, m-I'm havin' real trouble finding an anniversary present for Mom. Any ideas? Well then, it looks like I'm gonna have to go out shopping again.    OOH! BUTTERS!  Oh God! Aaah! Ohhh!  Butters, you need... to leave here right now! You need to... get out of here, egeh... Go home and wait for me to talk to talk to you.  Oh, Jesus, no. OH, what have I done?  Butters! Oh Butters! Could you come and see me in my study real quick? Come here, son.  I wanna have a talk with you. Son, I wanted to talk to you about lying. Yes, it sure can be.  But, there are also times when distorting the truth a little, uh, is appropriate. These are called "little white lies." You see, sometimes telling a little white lie is okay. Like, for instance, when you catch your father jacking off in a gay men's bath house. Butters, the point is that, I think that if you told Mommy what Daddy was doing tonight, well, she might go completely insane. It won't? Oh, good. You... what?  Linda, I know this is very hard- I've been wanting to stop going to those places, Linda, but I couldn't. I still love you! It just... it started as some curiosity on the Internet. I would chat with other married guys in the chat rooms and... Well the things they would talk about, Linda, I, I don't know why I found it exciting. I just did, and it, and it grew from there and it spun out of control, and- eh, ugh, DAMN YOU, INTERNET! No, Linda! I don't want that lifestyle! It's just kind of an addiction. I want help. And I'm going to get help. Please, just give me a chance to make this all up to you.  We can have a normal life! Sure there is! What? Oh no.  No! No, no, Jesus! Linda, what were you thinking?  This can't be happening! This is a bad dream.  No! Linda, we- Linda, Butters is gone.  Well, our son was ab-ducted. We don't know that he's dead yet. Yes, it, it sure is. Yes, I'd I sure hope we do. Naw, Linda! Because you can't now say that the abductor is Costa Rican!  You have to learn to keep it straight! Hey, don't forget that I'm covering for you!  My lies may have been deceitful, but your lies cover up something much more horrible than anything I ever did!  Not now, Butters! Son! I don't believe it!  No-huih, no, Butters. Oh, son, why...  Oh... Uh, we're gonna need you to tell a little white lie about where you've been though, alright? No! You have to say that a Puerto Rican man dropped you off!   Now we don't really have a choice, do we?! Well you're the one who couldn't back it up wit a description, stupid! ...Butters... You're as right as rain. You bet, son. But Mommy and Daddy have something they have to do first.  We... have an announcement to make, um. Our son has been returned to us.  But, that isn't all we have to say. You see, we learned a very important lesson tonight and it took the smarts of our young son to show us. You see, I've been deceiving my wife for several months. I was going to gay movies and bathhouses and having sex with random men who were complete strangers. So you see, there was no "some Puerto Rican guy." He doesn't exist. And so the people we owe the biggest apology to are the Ramseys, Congressman Condit, and O.J. We gave you false hope for finding the person who hurt those close to you and, we're sorry. Now we're just happy we won't have to live a life of secrets. For I knew that even though some of you supported us, some others were looking at me and thinking, "You're a liar! You're a LIAR!"  You know, and, that's what people would be saying to us, and so, we just had to come forward and tell the truth. And now, if you'll excuse us, this family has to get to Bennigan's.  Let's go, son. 