Stan, now more than ever you need to understand the importance of saving money. Go on, Stanley.  Hey I'm trying to teach my son the importance of savings. You already lost his money? Aw Jesus Christ! Sliced hot dogs and tomato slices?!   Finger pointing gets us nowhere, Steve! We have mocked our Economy. And now the Economy has cast its vengeance upon us all! Yea, it is an angry and unforgiving Economy. To repent we must stop frivolous spending! Instead of paying for cable let us watch clouds! Instead of buying clothes, wear but sheets from thine beds! Cut spending to only the bare essentials! Water and bread and margaritas, yea.  We have become lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of the Economy! There are those who will say that the Economy has forsaken us! Nay! You have forsaken the Economy!! And now you know the Economy's wrath! O thoust can shop at a sporting goods store, but knowest thou that the Economy will take away thy Broncos' cap from thine head!  Mock the Economy without fear! Thine own stockbrokers... now lie dead by their own hand and thou knowest that thy stockbrokers did not fear the Economy! Well here we are, my friends! You have brought the Economy's vengeance upon yourselves! We must all wear sheets instead of buying clothes that need detergent! Instead of cars that take gasoline we can... get around on llamas from Drake's farm! Instead of video games that take batteries and software, our kids will play with squirrels! We must let the Economy know that we are capable of respecting it! No more needless spending!  I am pretty smart, yea. But I have assembled this economic committee to make sure that everyone sticks to my new plan. Then perhaps soon our Economy will return to us. What?! Relax, Father Maxi. What harm can one Jew do against our... economic recovery movement? We've done everything we can and yet the Economy has not improved. Worse, it has declined! Poor Bart here just lost his job at Little Caesar's Pizza. Our tireless work is obviously being undermined by this one Jew. Why does he go around pretending to know the true will of the Economy? That is stupid, yea. And going around telling people to shop... is dangerous! What is this? What's going on? What's he doing? But that's... impossible. Why would he do this?  Uh there's about seventeen thousand dollars' worth here. Wow, the new Margaritaville!  