This one time, like eight months ago, I saw two guys kissing in a park. And that was the gayest thing I'd ever seen, until I saw the KOZY-FM Halloween Haunt.  ''Christ''mas? W-we weren't scared! That's just an old legend. I'm sick of those fifth graders scaring us all the time! We should come up with a way to scare ''them''! Come on, you guys, think! How can we scare the fifth graders? It has to be something reeaally scary. Well, come on! We can think of something better than stupid pirate ghosts!   Come on, fatass, we have to go! Yes you can, porky.  Okay, so we figured out how to scare the fifth graders. What's the scariest thing we could get? No!  A dead body. We could never make one that looks real enough.  To be really scary, it would have to be real.  We're gonna dig up Kyle's dead grandma.  Dude, she's perfect. She only died, like, three months ago, right? All we have to do is sneak in the graveyard, dig her up, scare the fifth graders, then put her back before anyone notices she's gone, Relax, dude. What's the big deal? Think about it: if your grandma knew that she could help you, even in death, she would want to. Cartman, will you stop singing Christmas carols? We have to be quiet, or else we're gonna get busted! Well, let's dig 'er up!  Of course it's cool! She's gonna be all rotted and scary! You guys be quiet! Now, do you wanna get back at the fifth graders or not?! Yes you do! Now, dig!  Okay. It's almost open. Ready? One, two, three!  Whoa, dude.  Eheh, yes, it ihis, heh. Okay, grab the sled.  Okay. Let's just hide her here, and tomorrow, during the Halloween party, we'll come back in our costumes and use her to scare the fifth graders. Who was that? Dude, not cool. This is scary.  Hay, you're that band KoRn. What are you guys doing out here? Aw, dude, that was just the fifth graders. Don't worry. We're about to go get 'em back.  Yeah, dude. It's right over there. Alright, let's just set her over here behind these boxes.  Kyle, will you stop worrying? God! Now, we'll all be back here tomorrow with our costumes, and then, when the Halloween party gets going, we'll bust out dead Grandma! Let's go!   Where's your costume, fatass? Hey, Kenny.  This is gonna be sweet What's the problem? She ''has'' to be here!  We dug her up 'cause we wanted to scare the fifth graders, but then, something took her body away. Maybe there really are pirate ghosts and they took her inside. How should we split up? This place gives me the creeps. We've got to hide! Ow! There she is! Oh, no! The pirate ghosts are back!  Boo! 