Ah yes. You mean the Jew problem.  Good, good! I'm glad we're finally gonna do something about it. Uh th-that is completely unnecessary. Everyone knows that only poor people can get lice. The only person that can spread it here is Kenny.  This is ridiculous. All this just so they can send Kenny and his stupid head lice home. Waiwaiwait, whoa whoa, so what happened? Well who was it?  It was Kenny, right? Doesn't matter?! If somebody had parasites in their hair, we need to know who!  It was Kenny, wasn't it?  That is bullcrap! You are denying our rights as children to totally rip on that kid and make him or her feel like an outcast! All right, the person who had head lice needs to speak up right now, so that we know to stay away from you!  Okay, whoever you are, you are now not only a licehead, you're a liar! You're only making this worse on yourself! Me?! I don't think so, Kyle! But you know what?! This is exactly what ''you'' would do if ''you'' had had head lice! Try to get everyone to blame me! That's exactly what you would do if you had had head lice, Stan.  And this is exactly what Kenny would do: stand here and say nothing!  There's a way! There's a way to find out who had sick-ass head cooties! And I'm gonna find it!  All right, lock that door, Craig!  I've come up with a test that can determine if it was any of us who had the head lice.  Lice feed on a person's blood, and just like mosquitoes they leave small traces of their saliva in the host's bloodstream. That saliva, is monochromagnic. So if an infected person's blood is touched by... this hot metal coil, say... that person's blood will jump 10 meters into the air.  This is a scientific test, designed to- I thought you might say that, Kyle. Because you don't want to take the test, do you?! If it isn't going to work, then what are you afraid of? The only person who wouldn't want to take the test is somebody who was worried it ''might'' work and reveal that they were the ones with lice! Everyone take a Petri dish and a syringe. We need at least 30 cc's of blood from each one of you. All right, now everyone back over there!  Yeah? Let's just see what ''your'' blood does, Kyle!  It's all right, it won't take much longer, just-AHH AHHGH!  Kenny! Of course I was right! I told you only poor people get lice!  He lied to us all! He betrayed his kind! We all know what has to happen.  What, Clyde? All right, see you there!  Remember, bar of soap and a sock! Kenny's gonna get it! Kenny McCormick, you are charged with bringing head cooties into our school, and lying about it to cover your ass! How do you plead?! Guilty! I thought so!  All right, Kenny. You know what has to happen! Sock bath! Everyone wash Kenny with the soap and dry him off with the socks!  Oh I get it.  This is some kind of big trick on me! You've known I was the one with head lice all along, huh?! Of course! Why do you think I went through that elaborate bullcrap experiment to frame Kenny?! But that means... that means Kenny ''was'' lying! Sock bath!  