Hello everybody. It's really great to meet you all. I'm really excited to live in this town and share all kinds of great experiences with you, my new friends!  Hey. My name's Gary.  That's funny. You're cool, man.  Oh! Oh oh oh! Nineteen sixty nine!  Oh hey there! You wanna kick the ball around with me? Excuse me? How come you wanna fight me? ...Oh, I get it. I'm the new kid.  Yeah, I guess maybe I deserve it. It's really tough being in a totally new place, but I think all you guys are ''really'' cool so... I understand if there's initiation rites. The other kids are watching. Look, do what you gotta do. I won't fight back. I just hope that maybe afterwards we can... try to be friends someday. Hey everybody! This is my new friend Stan. Stan, this is my mom and dad.  And this is my brother Mark.  My sister Jenny. My little brother Dave. And my baby sister Amanda. That's when we don't allow any TV and just entertain each other with music and stories. Doesn't your family ever do that? Can pass the test.  Yeah! You know... the book that Joseph Smith found. Tell us the story of Joseph Smith, Dad. Awesome! I can't wait! You coming, Stan? Bye!  Hey Stan. Hey guys. Stan, I remember you said last night that you'd lost your wallet, so I made you a new one.  I carved a picture of John Elway into the leather on the front. Hey! My family's on their way over to the fire station to donate blood. You wanna come along?  Oh here comes my family now! Oh. Well, I'd like to, but... Oh man, I would miss you guys so much! So what do you guys wanna do? Oh cool! I'm gonna do that tomorrow. So hey, I heard your dad came over last night and he and my dad talked about Joseph Smith. That's great! Sure. Well, he kept them hidden from everyone like he was told. And then he translated what was written on the plates into the Book of Mormon. Hey everybody.  Hey Stan. Hey, that's only cool, guys. You can believe whatever you want! Yeah! Hooray for the Marshes!  Hey Stan. Listen, I just wanted to let you know you don't have to worry about me tryin' to be your friend anymore. Look, maybe us Mormons do believe in crazy stories that make absolutely no sense, and maybe Joseph Smith did make it all up, but I have a great life. and a great family, and I have the Book of Mormon to thank for that. The truth is, I don't care if Joseph Smith made it all up, because what the church teaches now is loving your family, being nice and helping people. And even though people in ''this'' town might think that's stupid, I still choose to believe in it. All I ever did was try to be your friend, Stan, but you're so high and mighty you couldn't look past my religion and just be my friend back. You've got a lot of growing up to do, buddy. Suck my balls.  