Yeah, screw that kid! Well, maybe he won't fight. All right, I'm gonna go kick his ass.  No. I'm... I'm gonna kick your ass. I'm gonna kick your ass...  bitch.  Huh? Dude, stop it. Shut up, Butters! I'm...  going over to his house for dinner tonight.  He's a really nice kid. What's that? No. The... Book of Mormon? What's that? Who's Joseph Smith?  No! What happened then?  No, I was supposed to be home at eight. ...Hello?  Hey Dad, how come you never told me about Joseph Smith? The guy who spoke to God and Jesus. That's not what the Harrisons said. The new people that moved in down the street. Mr. Harrison said that Joseph Smith spoke to God and Jesus and they told him none of the religions were right. They're not kooks, they're cool. I mean, how come ''we'' never have a night where we don't watch any TV and we just... do stuff together and eat and drink? But that's just you and your friends. Mr. Harrison said that I should be following Heavenly Father's plan, and I don't even know what that is. Yeah. See? That's what happened to me! That's what they made me think, too! Shut up, dude. They're a nice family and... Gary is actually really smart and talented. What's the big deal? Can't I have other friends? You guys should give Gary a chance. Wow, you made this? Uh, I don't think so, Gary. I have to uh...   Uh, no. I've got a lot to do.  Yeah. I had a question about that Joseph Smith guy. What happened after he found the golden plates buried in the ground? Yeah, but... how? Dad, did you know that that Joseph Smith guy read the Book of Mormon out of a hat? It's just that... the Book of Mormon says a lot of strange stuff, like that Adam and Eve lived in Jackson County, Missouri. But school taught me that the first man and woman lived in Africa.  Hey Gary. Dad! Yeah. ...Wait. Mormons actually know this story and they still believe Joseph Smith was a prophet? No, it proves he DID make it all up. Are you blind? No, it's a matter of logic! If you're gonna say things that have been proven wrong, like that the first man and woman lived in Missouri, and that Native Americans came from Jerusalem, then you'd better have something to back it up. All you've got are a bunch of stories about some asswipe who read plates nobody ever saw out of a hat, and then couldn't do it again when the translations were hidden!  I don't wanna be Mormon, Dad! Oh, stop it!  That's another thing! Why do you have to be so freakin' nice all the time?! It isn't normal! You just weasel people into your way of thinking by acting like the happiest family in the world and being so nice to everyone that you just blindside dumb people like my Dad! I'm not hanging around that kid anymore. You guys were right, okay? The new kid's a douche. Now I just gotta find a way to keep him away from me. Oh brother. I don't? 