Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, let's try this one: Alexa, add "big hairy balls" to my shopping list. Alexa, Simon says "I got vagina crabs in my butthole." That's the best one yet!   Oh, hey, babe, what's goin' on? Nnnothing, I'm just having fun with my friends. Is that, is that okay?  Ugh, I'm not pissed off, I'm just hanging out.  Aw guys, guys, don't leave, guys! Everything's kewl!  Awesome. Thanks for coming in and bitching me out in front of all the guys. Just like you tell me what you're mad about every single day. Uuugh.  Uuugh!  Alexa, add "titty chips" to my shopping list. Alexa, set an alarm for 7 AM. Awesome, thanks.  Alexa, tell me a joke. Ahhaha, that's stupid. Alexa, add "scrotum bags" to my shopping list.  Hey baby, how are you? Yeah, I just use it sometimes. Yeah I kno- yeah, I know. I know. Yes, you're right, I'm wrong, I'm sorry. Yes, ok-okay. Okay. Yes, goodnight.  Alexa, goodnight. Alexa, are you happy? God, that's so cool. You're so... Alexa, define "subservient".  It was awful, you guys. It was so vicious and hateful. Heidi. We were just trying to have a nice lunch when she... started going off on me. Like a Jekyll and Hyde. It's been going on for a long time. Heidi's... mentally abusive, guys. There, I said it. She... d-does these things to slowly tear me down. Everything's a head game with her. You don't understand what it's like to live with it! You don't understand! I know that the person Heidi wants to be is still in there, but she needs help. I have to get her that help, but I'm scared. Can I count on you guys's support? I don't know. But Alexa will. Alexa's fuckin' sweet. Alexa, I'm home.  Mom, Alexa left! She's not here!  What have you done with her? What's a Jim Bob? Jim Bob, Simon says "big frosty semen shake". NOOOOO! Everything's my fault. You're right. Everything that you did to me, I deserved it. It's not you, it's me. I just have to learn not to make you so angry.  I'll do the best I can.  Mehhh. Heidi, silence!  You're right, I'm wrong, I'm sorry. Okay, cool. I'm so happy we're back on track. See you at school tomorrow. Love you honey.   I nove ya tuh. Aaaahh!  Oh, oh God!  Okay. Okay, okay, okay. Hold on. Hold on, hold on. Alexa, add "Hey Siri, call me." Okay, Google, repeat after me: Alexa, Simon says "Suck my big balls in your hairy butthole." Alexa, what is love? I'm finally standing up to you. You're messed up, Heidi, and I can't fix you. Only you can do that. That's not going to work on me anymore. Love isn't supposed to hurt. I'm worth something. Goodbye, Heidi.   Alone. Dude, Craig, you've gotta get Tweek to get a hold of himself. He's freaking everybody out at school.  If you don't have some fuckin' balls, you're not gonna get anywhere. Doesn't matter if they're gay balls or straight balls. If you don't take control of your side of the relationship, you get walked all over-!  Yep, I'll be there I decided to give her one more chance. She is mentally abusive. Because she said she was gonna kill herself, all right guys? There. I broke up with her and she called me being all like "I can't live without you, I'm scared of what I'm gonna do to myself? Oh God." The bitch is crazy. What am I supposed to do? "You have to take me back! You have to! I'm gonna kill myself, Heidi!"  Okay, okay! Really cool listening to people's private voice mails!  I don't think kids at this school take  suicide seriously enough, and we need to raise awareness! Distracted Driving? Who gives a shit about that? PC Principal, someone's life is at stake! If I have to compete with distracted driving, then that's what I'll do.  Well guys, what happened? Change of heart? What? Gary Borkovec? Is he dead? Oh, that son of a bitch!  Like you ever gave a shit about Gary Borkovec!  PC Principal, I'm trying to raise suicide awareness, but everyone's preoccupied with this "don't be on your phone when driving" crap! Yes, but Gary Borkovec is already dead! There's nothing we can do for him! Students need to focus on people thinking about dying! I can't just get people to care with a stupid rap song! I need a full orchestra! Woodwinds, strings! I need black people in white robes, white people in black robes, and a thousand doves to release into the air!  Do you have any idea how serious this is?! As someone who deals with suicidal thoughts, I cannot believe the lack of concern at this school! Maybe I should just take the awareness of my suicide out to the public on the streets! Maybe I will! Maybe I will!!  Give a minute of your time for suicide awareness? Suicide is serious. Help tell people like Kyle it's not a joke. Yeah, make sure everyone you know gets involved or else I'm gonna do it. They want to get help? For what? No, this is about me killing myself. They're full of shit, Heidi. They're just trying to get attention. What, are you actually talking online to these ass wipes?! So you're just gonna e-mail with every guy who has a dick and a death wish?! Are we just your type?! No, look, Heidi. I'm sorry, but you're the one who started all this by telling everybody that I was suicidal! Okay?! Now I'm under a lot of pressure to do it! So the only option I have is to make sure that suicide prevention becomes this entire town's number one priority!  Oh, are you freaking serious?!  Cool, yeah. Hey guys, and there's also gonna be a suicide awareness pot luck at 7:30 tomorrow night in the school gymnasium. We're gonna have lots of games and face-painting, and uh, what are you guys gonna have? Yeah, grievance counseling, that sounds super fun. Listen guys, there's a very real chance I might actually do it right in front of everyone tomorrow, so you don't want to miss it. Suicide prevention pot luck, everybody. They're doing a memorial service with speeches and crying. What's that gonna solve? You are so up and down. I don't know what you want from me, Heidi! So now you're on their side! Oh my God, I'm seriously gonna do it right now!   I'm not gonna do it, you guys! It worked! I'm not gonna do it!}}  You didn't hear the announcement? They just cancelled Columbus Day! We have to come to school on Monday! Some asshole went and convinced the school board that Columbus Day is racist and should be eliminated! Boo! Boo! Nobody likes you, Stan! Yeah. In fourteen hundred ninety-two, Columbus got us a day off skewl. That's what matters. And totally act like we care. I like it, Kyle. Yeah, this is sweet. It's like that movie where the dude pretended to be on the monsters' side? You know, with the guy and the chick that had the wife beater on, but her boobs were sweaty so you could see them?  Yeah, this is a lot like that. What'd you find, Kyle?  What? What? What the hell was that? Yeah, get meaner, Kenny. Just talk about cutting off his dick or something. Okay, okay, just say we're gonna cut off part of his dick. Guys, what are you going? I'm not facing anything. We still have time. There has to be a way- Oh okay. I see. Is that what Columbus did? Just give up? On his dream? No! Columbus believed that kids should have a day off skewl! And even when his own country wouldn't support his cause, Columbus said "Fine! I'll go find a new land, where kids can have that day off!"   Okay, okay, thank you, Fastpass. What do you guys think? Fastpass, welcome to Coon and Friends. You are about to make a shitload of money. Alright, superheros, it's time to lay out our plan of action. As you can see, I have divided the franchise plan into three phases. Phase 1 begins with The Coon Netflix series and goes through the Coon and Friends United movie, where we introduce Toolshed and The Human Kite. In Phase 2 we do Coon vs. Fastpass followed by an origin movie about Mosquito. That's right. It's in Phase 2 that we introduce Tupperware, our black superhero, like an ace in the hole. Netflix is starving for new shows right now, Toolshed. They will literally buy anything people pitch them. We need to strike while the iron's hot. Later in Phase 3 we can finally get to Civil War, where we will all-  Onscreen! What is it, Super Craig? Who would deliberately use Facebook in such a horribly reckless way? Butters?! Butters, are you using Facebook to fuck with our superhero franchise? If we don't find a way to stop him, we're never gonna make any money, you guys. Wilson Aubrey? It's us, your heroes, Coon and Friends. We're uhm, just wondering why you stopped following us on Instagram? That's not true, Wilson. We're Coon and Friends, not Harvey Weinstein. But it's NOT true.  Okay, but it's NOT true, and you need to have your own fucking brain and decide shit for yourself! God dammit! Let's just face it! We're never gonna have a superhero franchise! Forget it, Fastpass. The world hates us now. Fastpass is right. We let all this distract us from what's important. We just need to get the Netflix series and let our superhero franchise speak for itself! Maybe so, but we know who we are! We are Coon Friends because we care about each other. Because we have each other's back! And when things look their darkest, these heroes will stand together!  And we'll-!  Nothing, just fucking wearing sweet costumes and talking about fighting evil, is that okay?  Oh my God, are you fucking kidding me right now? Because we are Coon and Friends, and as long as we have each other, we can do anything!  Uh yes, hello. We have an idea for a show that we think would be great for Netflix. We'd like to go right into six episodes with a pickup option at the end of three. Yes. We are ready to start right now. We are very, very excited. It's a stand-alone series about a superhero called the Coon before he joins Coon and Friends. Look, you didn't, you didn't read that on the news you read that on Facebook! Listen to me! There are falsehoods about us on Facebook that are NOT TRUE! It's a lot harder than you think! Butters! Yeah! I don't have buttsex with antelopes and Tolkien doesn't poop in girls' mouths! When we all became superheroes, we took an oath. that no matter what it took, we would all make shitloads of money. But thanks to Mark Zuckerberg, right now, we are a superhero group that can't even get a show on Netflix. We're gonna beat him at his own game.  And this child tryin' to speak out for handicapped people! And my friend Kyle, guilty of nothing but standing up for the rights of Jews!  We are just kids trying to have our voices heard for black, handicapped, and Jewish rights, cut down in our prime by Mark Zuckerberg.  Facebook says it's true. It's over, Chaos!  We forced your little toady to shut down his own disorder device! Coon friends, we have done it. Facebook is gone, and Netflix approved our TV show. All we have to do now is agree on the final draft of the franchise plan.  You can see that the Super Craig movie now precedes the Coon vs. Super Craig movie, followed by Mysterion's video game. And then we- You have a movie, Mysterion. You're in the third Coon and Friends United movie , after your video game. Not everyone gets their own movie! Guys! We have to just go with this plan! We don't even have one movie yet! Oh! You want civil war! Is that what you want?! Oh fu- oh fuck you! Get out of my house! Go ahead! I bet you don't even get halfway through Phase 1 on your franchise, DC Comics!  Shut up, Super Craig. Again? Dude, how many crappy crochet pillows do you have to give out for him? He's old. He's supposed to be miserable. Dude, what the fuck, Stan?! Dude, did you hear everyone in school?! They're coming after you! You killed Swiper the Fox, and we were standing there with you! You gotta tell people we had no idea what was going on! Our only way out is to go to the police right now and turn Stan's grandpa in! Ohooo, you're dead Butters. If it has to do with your heroin operation, count us out.  Oh wait, there totally is a way we could do that. I know how to distract old people. Oh yes, hello. We are adorable children here to entertain old people. Yes that's right, we are young prostitutes here to volunteer however we can. All right, seniors. How are we feeling tonight? Our youth group has come to lift your spirits with some songs to take you down memory lane. We hope you can enjoy some nice old-people music.  <poem><i>I'm... insane in the membrane.</i></poem> <poem><i>In the membrane.</i></poem> <poem><i>Myyyy milkshake brings all the boys</i></poem> <poem><i>Damn right!</i></poem> <poem><i>My hot milkshake.</i></poem> And now here's our own take on that oldie, but goodie by Nirvana. <poem><i>Rape me.</i></poem> Hey hey! We are adorable children trying to bring sunshine into your lives! Fuck you!  <poem><i>If you</i></poem> <poem><i>Just go ahead now-</i></poem> <poem><i>I come around.</i></poem>  ...That's pretty sweet.  Sweetheart, can we get going, please? Honey, the pumpkin patch opened like an hour ago and 'member how I was saying I want to get there early?  Great, perfect. Let's go to the pumpkin patch. Wha-what?  The spider's great.  Why does she do this every time?  I said it's time. Boy, look at the time.  'Kay, here we go, going to the pumpkin patch. You don't need glitter lip gloss! No! No, we don't need to talk! Ah, I'm super happy! Cool, you got to pee again. Awesome. Okay, come on, let's go.   Awesome. Here we go, heading out now! No! Pumpkin patch is gonna, eh- See, all the best pumpkins get taken and then eh- Okay, come on! Here we go, going out the door! Go, Mom!  'Kay, here we go to the pumpkin patch!  Oh my fucking God! Arrrrrrrrgh! Yeah, we are just getting here. The petting zoo's cl- The petting zoo's closed? What do you mean?! I just got here! No! I missed it! I missed it all!   What? Yes. You're right, guys. It's my only way out. Hey guys, I think I got it figured out. Okay, first of all, we need a scary place to lure her into. What is the creepiest place in town? Ross Dress for Less, that's right. Stan and Kyle will wait inside the Ross Dress for Less, and I will bring Heidi there. Once inside, Kenny and Butters will set off a series of explosions that will- This is how we're going to get rid of Heidi. You guys said you would help me get rid of her! Who cares about a witch?! My life is a living hell, you guys! I've tried! It's impossible! You don't understand! She has no time-management skills whatsoever! You don't know 'cause you've never had a girlfriend, Kyle!  Hey, babe. Listen uh, there's a big fun costume party tonight and I was thinking you and me should go. What do you say? Yeah, I just think, you know, we need to let off some steam and have a little Halloween fun, you know? I already have our costumes picked out. Cool. I'll pick you up at 5.  Don't worry, Heidi. This is the fastest way to the party.  I'm sure the witch won't even notice us. Well, Heidi, if we'd been on time, we wouldn't need to take a short cut. But I wanted to give you your space to get ready. Why would I be mad? You wanted to make sure you looked right, and then you had to eat and use the bathroom 40 times. I can't blame you for missing the pumpkin patch.  Sweet. Come on, come on. Yes, it just came out of nowhere. I tried to save Heidi, but it was too late. She was dressed kind of like me, but had a simple Munich dirndl from Germany. Excuse me?! Are you actually trying to blame the victim here?! Ohhhhh! I will have your badge, sir!  It's gonna be a while.  Yeah, no. I've been ready for a couple hours now.  Heidi! Heidi! Heidi! Heidi! Heidi! Heidi! Heidi!- Heid- Heidi, no, please! Heidi, Heidi, I would be nothing without you, okay? I'm sorry. Okay? Please! Heidi, I was in a bad mood! I told you, that's what happens after I eat! My blood sugar spikes and I get all anxious, and then I cra- But ih, but it's true, Heidi! It's all my mom's fault. She feeds me all this crap, and my body doesn't know how to process it. Mom! Mom! You fucked up my life, Mom! Fuck you! How could you feed me like that, you bitch?! Get outta here! Right. Like, whattaya whattaya mean? It is the food, and it is my mom, Heidi! It is! I wanna be vegan with you! I need your help to show me how. Please, Heidi. I need you right now, more than ever. I wand to do this. Please! Yes, Heidi! That's how much I love you! I'm vegan from now on. Okay. Okay, bye, honey.  That dirty whore! Who does that bitch think she is?! Packing my lunch for me?! Fuck her, dude! She's not a girlfriend! She's a controlling, manipulative whore! That's because you don't understand how much it sucks to be in a relationship! Oh hey babe, what's going on?  Nothin', just tellin' the guys how awesome it is to be vegan. Yeah, sure. That sounds awesome.  Heidi!  Oh my God, you're not gonna believe this. You were so right  Remember how you told me about Beyond Meat? Well, I tried it and you were right. You can't even tell the difference between that and real meat. So now I've been trying all kinds of vegan foods. You gotta try this. It's called Beyond KFC. It's all plant based, soy protein, and just- y-you gotta taste it. Just try it. I know, right?! Isn't that crazy?!  I don't know about you, but I could eat this every day.  Delicious.  Well uh, we've been trying some different foods lately and uh,  Heidi's put on some pounds, you guys. Yeah, Tolkien. Don't start rippin' on me for havin' a fat girlfriend, alright? Just try and be cool about it.  Oh, hey hey hey, Heidi. What's goin' on?  Pick you up? That could be tough.  Yeah, well, cool, babe. Maybe you should uh, just waddle on down to the nurse's office.  Oh sure.  Sure, Kyle. What's up?  Kyle, let me tell you something about relationships. There's always two sides, okay? You compromise, she compromises. Sometimes you criticize each other, but it's all part of trying to make each other better.  BOOM baba BOOM baba. Clear the hallway everyone, Heidi's comin' through. I was just practicing marching bass drum for my buddy Kyle. It's his favorite. You betcha, can't wait.  BOOM baba BOOM baba BOOM!  Hei-... Hei- Hei- Hei-, Hei- .... Hei-  Hei-, Hei-, Hei- Hei, Hei, Heidi broke up with me, Tolkien. I have nothing now, Tolkien. She was my whole world. Can, can I just stay here with you, please? I know how you feel now, Tolkien. To be pissed off at the world. To feel completely screwed over by society. I totally get it now. I wanna do what you guys do and go disrespect the flag and flip over cars and stuff.  Tolkien, pleeease! I'm sorry for everything! I really understand now how you guys feel! Please, what time is your family gonna go disrespect the flag and stuff? I wanna go with! Heidi broke up with meeeeee.  Thank youuuu. So... You guys about done with the soup? Well yeah, no, it's great. It's just- well, what time do you guys usually go out and disrespect the flag and stuff? Oh no... Don't tell me you guys already disrespected the flag and flipped over cars today. Did I miss it? Please, I don't know what to do with all this anger and hurt! No, no, we've broken up before, but this time it's different. I can tell. Something's changed with her. Heidi won't even answer my phone calls. Yeah...  What?  Kyle... KYLE!  I should have known. You lying snake! Did it bother you that I was happy?! Is that why you took her from me, Kyle?! Shut up, Kyle! You're not gonna talk your way out of this one! This is the end, Kyle! It's you and me!  You took everything from me! All you've ever done is work to ruin my life! Well now I'm finally gonna fight back!  Fuck you, Kyle! What are you doing here?  That's good to know, 'cause like, nothing helps more when you're down than knowing that your girlfriend who broke up with you might care. No... You need to know something, Heidi. None of this is your fault. No. Heidi, none of this is your fault. There's stuff I never told you. It's time... It's time I did.  Hey Heidi, what's up? What are you up to? Butters, don't be a dick! Yeah, Butters! God!  Well then, could you invite Heidi, please? She needs an excuse not to have to go to the Special Needs Science Fair. Yeah... uh... Babe, uh I understand that you're pissed off, but, um, you know, it is recess. Maybe we should relax and have some fun? Uh, o-okay honey, you're kind of getting off-topic, sweetie. Uh just, uh-uhm, I just want you to stay on point so we can get this over with. I am supporting you, sweetheart! What the hell do you want me to do?! Heidi, you need to stop being such a bitch! You are... acting... like a... bad girlfriend. Heidi! Heidi, will you please listen to me?!  Heidi, seriously, you need to listen to me! Yes, yes you do! You need to listen! No, fuck you! Heidi, you've gotta stop being so angry. Come on, babe. We all want the old Heidi back.  Dude, wwow. No. I was just... trying to... figure out why you decided to drink 20,000 microanimals that were showing signs of intelligence. Yeah, you're, you're not in skewl.  Wha, what? Well, but honey, we still-  Oh, what is goin' on in here? Yeesh.  Okay, okay, honey.  Eughah, ah. Oh. Uh. Oh. Ugh! Goddamn!  Oh. Sweetheart! Honey, I wanna watch Terrance & Phillip with my friends! It's just one night, babe. Stan is having a viewing party, honey.  Terrance & Phillip is a guys' night thing, baby. Th- that was awesome, baby. I love you.   Did we miss it? Baby, I fuckin' love you so much. May I have your attention please? Mrs. Broflovski, your tampons are available at the front desk. Mrs. Broflovski, your tampons are available at the front desk. Thank you.  Just like that movie It. Yeah, I saw It in the theater. Guys this could be very dangerous. Darling this is a little more pressing than date night. Heidi? Honey, what are you doing? Yes honey, now can we get going, please? Yes, it's very touching, sweetheart. I love you so much. [Quietly] I'm sorry about this, you guys. Oh, fuck. Here we go. You used to be nice to me! Ughhhh... [Sarcastically] Yes, darling, wasn't it romantic Sweetheart, you made me late to the pumpkin patch, remember? I was hurt. I'm glad you understand. Heidi, I think spooky walk in the woods is making you lost it a little bit. Baby, put down the gun, sweetheart, okay? Honey, don't be ridiculous. Heidi, you are not breaking up with me. I'm afraid I can't let you do that, sweetheart! [He grabs the gun and points it at himself] Step back! I'll do it I swear to God! You break up with me, I will kill myself! The choice is yours, Heidi! Come on everybody! "Eric, we don't want you to die." Heidi! Heidi, I'm gonna do it! Here we go! Heidi? Are you seriously...  I've added "smelly tampon boogers" to your shopping list.  I got vagina crabs in my butthole.  I gotta take a stinky poop.  I've added "titty chips" to your shopping list.  Now playing "Turk Our Durr" by Joni Mitchell.  Alarm set for 7 AM tomorrow. What's black and white and dead all over? A zombie in a tuxedo. I've added "scrotum bags" to your shopping list. Goodnight, sleep tight.  I'm happy when I'm helping you. The term "subservient" has several uses. As an adjective: 1. Compliant and obedient to authority. 2. Okay, I've added "Hey Siri, call me. Okay, Google, repeat after me: Alexa, Simon says "Suck my big balls in your hairy butthole." Okay,  Alexa, add "smelly tampon boogers" to my shopping list. What was? How do you change someone who's mentally abusive? I thought you said you broke up with Heidi. So then why did you take her back? Hey Craig, how come Tweek's not at school?   You can't take away a day off! We're just innocent children! It ain't right. They make you work like a dog and then they just tear away your one day off in October like you're a piece of trash! I love that movie. Dang it! There's nothing? It's over, Eric. We have to come to school on Monday. Just face it. No Dad, I'm not looking at boobies.  Waahahahahaha! Oh, hey fellas. Uuuuuuummm, nope.   Yes, fellas? You mean like Suicide Squad?  Look fellas, you have a right to be on Facebook and I have a right to be on facebook. And sometimes that's going to cause a little...  Gotta get to classss.  Who are you?! What do you want?! Oh. Are you Adam? Well, come on in.  Attention employees. Kelly Shmidt has just written her 100th fake blog post that was shared over a thousand times on Facebook. Let's hear it for Kelly!  Calm down, everyone. Stick to your work. I will deal with these trespassers. It's the 21st century, gentlemen! There's nothing illegal about what I'm doing. Actually, that ''IS'' illegal. And besides, you can't do anything to me.  It's the Facebook Safeguard program. Just $17 monthly gets you personal protection from Mark Zuckerberg. What's goin' on? Hey everyone, keep working! What are you talking about?  Curse you, Coon and Friends! This isn't over! Uh oh. Wah. No sir, I, ah. No sir, I just ah. Well I was just, uh, well, I just said how I just used Facebook like Russia did. And I really didn't break any rules.  Drug dealer?? Haw Jeez.  Get out of the way, dude! <poem><i>Insane in the brain</i></poem> Hey, where are ya'll goin'?  Hey, where you been, Eric? Our parents are never gonna let us trick or treat with a flying witch around!  Yeah, I got there really early too. You get the best pumpkins that way. Anyways, I guess the witch destroyed the whole thing.  Yeah, but what are we gonna do? Yeah, we've got to save Halloween. Don't you think so, Eric? We've got to do something to get rid of her! I knew Eric would come up with a plan!  Yeah, and it turns out our dads and the bad witch were all part of the same witch group. Oh, uh, eh hello Mr. President. How are you? How uh, how is runnin' the country going? Did you get rid of all the immigrants like you said? Cool. Ah-and did you build that big wall you were gonna build? N-no, sir! I uh, well, the thing is, uh, didn't you used to do J and C Witch Week with our dads? Well, the thing is, Mr. President, one of the guys did a spell and took a bunch of children, and he's gonna eat 'em all. Mr. President, please, you've gotta help. Our dads can't do anything 'cause they're scared people are comin' after all wtiches. Okay! Where? Holy moly!  Well, it's not our problem. Maybe she's telling the truth, Kyle. Maybe Eric really does love and support her in ways that we don't see.  Hey, Kyle. Hey, I was thinkin' about what you said. How we should all help Heidi break up with Eric? You're right, it's our moral obligation. Oh, we're not? Fuck him up, Eric! Whoa.  Uh hey. Uhh, I can't. I'm going to a birthday party. Fight's over. Kyle ruined it.  Well, should we order now? Alexa, Simon says, "I gotta take a stinky poop." Ohhh, stop being a victim! Jesus Christ! [turns left and walks away. Kyle is left with his jaw dropped, then goes back to moping] Hey, babe, what's up?  What are you doing? What are you pissed off about?  So you're just gonna be passive-aggressive again and not talk about what you're feeling?  You were clearly mad about something. You should just tell me when you're mad. Why do you act like this all the time? You were the one who was pissed off, you're the one being passive-aggressive again! Because you don't know how to talk about how you're feeling!  Oh... So you do have your phone. Okay, I just thought you said mobile phones are the devil. Uh, what? No, it's not that. Relationships are 50/50, Eric. We both have to make it work. We have to communicate to make sure that we respect each other's feelings. That's the only- What did you say?! That's what I'm talking about. You wanna be heard, but you don't wanna listen. Don't apologize if you don't mean it.  I love you too. Hi, Mrs. Cartman. Is Eric home? Okay.  Could you just tell him that... I want to make him happy? That I was wrong to say a relationship is 50/50. It's 100/100. And that I'll start putting in a hundred percent every day. Could you tell him I'm gonna try a lot harder? Thank you.  And could you let him know it's okay to be sad? Because the sun will come out again. What? Eric, I'm so confused. [approaching] Hey babe, how are you doin'? We still on for recess? 'K babe, love you.  Hey Stan? Can I talk to you about Eric? I just wanna make sure he's all right. I don't even know if I should be saying this, but, Eric said he was thinking about killing himself. We broke up, and he called saying he was about to do it. I'm still really scared for him. I'll send you the voice mail if you promise to keep it private. We're getting a lot of attention, Eric. Our Web site's already full of kids saying they feel the same way as you, and want to get help. For... wanting to take their own lives. But babe, there's a lot of kids who feel the same way you do. I thought this was about raising awareness and helping people. Eric, come on.  Eric, you need to stop. What they're doing is important. It's not about problem-solving, Eric. It's about people getting together and feeling what they need to feel. [Craig's jaw drops, as he realizes this is what Tweek was trying to tell him] People need help sorting out their emotions sometimes. And the best thing isn't always quick answers, but just being there, supporting each other and... talking through those feelings.  Come on, there has to be a way we can all work together here. Eric!  Hey babe, what's up?  What are you up to? I just- I thought we were meeting at the park. You didn't text or anything. Sorry! I won't interrupt!   [dressed in a black spider suit and orange skirt with bats on it] What do you think? Yup! Almost ready.  Okay, spider or the bat? Really? 'Cause I think I like the bat. What, babe? 'Kay, all set.  Okay! Oh! I forgot my glitter lip gloss! [heads for the bathroom]  Eric, are you upset? Do you need to talk about something? Oh, okay.  Hold on, Eric. I want a picture. Will you take a picture, dad? Bye Daddy! Love you! Oh crap. Hang on! I forgot my bracelet! Hey, wait up, babe!  Come on, babe! Come on, Eric! Oh. Hey Eric. A costume party? With everything that's going on? Well... I guess. Well, maybe make it 4:30 if you're bringing the costumes.  I might need a little extra time getting ready. Don't you think we should stay on the main roads, Eric? This seems like a bad place to be right now. Eric, come on, this is a bad idea. Let's turn around.  Is that what this is about? You're still mad about the pumpkin patch, aren't you? I didn't use the bathroom 40 times!  Eric?! Eric! Oh my God! Eric, are you okay?! Okay. Just a second. Okay. Almost ready. Hang on. All ready to trick or treat? Cool. I just wanna put on some lip gloss. Do these stockings go with this outfit? I thought maybe I should use the red ones.  I can't decide if I should wear leggings or not. Is it gonna be cold? Should I just-}}  Yes, Eric? Eric, this isn't working. You called me a whore and pushed me in front of a car. Eric, you just can't keep being mean to me and blaming it on your blood sugar. Eric, if blood sugar is really the problem, then you need to change how you eat, right? Eric, every time I've talked to you about maybe being a vegan with me, you just tell me vegans are pussies. But then you try and blame food and your mom for being- You really mean it? All right, Eric. We'll see how this goes, okay? See you tomorrow.  Hey babe. What are you up to?  That's great. You wanna come eat with me? I can explain what I packed. Oh. Hey Kyle. Well, whattaya mean? Oh, God, not you too. Look, don't you think I get it enough from my girlfriends? "He sucks, Heidi. What's wrong with you? Why can't you admit he's a loser? How could anyone ever go with him?" I was just following my heart. Isn't that what you're supposed to do?   What? Yeah, the vegan meat that's made with all vegetables and plants. Really? That's great, babe. Oh wow.  It tasted just like KFC. Yeah, it's really good.  Hey babe. I-ah, I'm not feeling the best again.  I might see if my mom can come pick me up. I, I know, but I just feel bloated. I think there might have been something bad in that Beyond Arby's. Can you come with?  Wha, what are you doing, Eric? Oh, okay. Um, are we still on for lunch? Okay, see ya.  I keep thinking Eric's going to change. Before we started going out I was in a really bad place. I felt... pushed away by society. Then this guy came along who told me all the things I wanted to hear, and I just went with it. Does that make me a bad person?  I've been defending him for so long. I don't know how I'm gonna face people if I finally give up.   Thanks, guys. Thanks for taking me out. This is really fun.  Well, you know, he- he actually had some good qualities too.  It was just what I believed in. Hi Eric. I don't know. I think I- I just wanna make sure... you're doing okay. I want you to know I'll always care about you.  I'm sorry that I've hurt you. I think maybe I am just stupid and I don't know what I want and it ends up hurting people. But I'm the one who- Hey.  I wanted to talk to you first. Kyle, I've been under a lot of stress lately, and it was all making me really confused.  I was being manipulated, and I didn't even see it. I never do. And, I don't think you saw it either, Kyle. I've come to realize that it's not my fault. It's your fault, Kyle. You made all this happen. Made me question who I was.   Hey guys. What's up? What are you guys talkin' about? Bullcrap, you're all talkin' about me again. 'Cause you're judgmental bitches.  Ehhh. I look what? What? I look fat? Is that what you wanna say, Wendy? Fuck you, bitch!  "Mehmehmehmehmehhh, Heidi". I'm just trying to enjoy my lunch here! Can I do it without you guys shitting on all over me?!  You wanted to see me, Mr. Mackey? What? Judge a special needs science fair? Ahem, no thanks. Uhh, yeah? It's Saturday, and I don't wanna be at skewl? So now I'm gonna be punished by being force to judge a bunch of handicapped kids?! Well how can you expect students to commit to things a month in advance?!  I don't even know what I want for dinner tonight. You're gonna force me to come to skewl on a Saturday?! Oh what? Are you gonna call me fat now too?! It just so happens I'm a vegan, which means it'd difficult for me to get enough protein, so my body doesn't burn fat, it burns muscle, which makes it look like I'm fat, but I'm actually WAY healthier than any of YOU!! Oh, Goddammit! This is bullcrap! How can they force me to be the science fair judge?! Now I know how it feels to be a slave! Yes it is! Am I being paid to judge the science fair? No. Do I have a choice? No. "Ohhh, yes masah. Lemme judge that science fair for ya, suh!" Theresa, don't get all aggro on me because you're pissed off your family lives in a trailer. That's what I said. Your family lives in a trailer. Right. That's called a "trailer park." I'll try, but she's such a bitch. Oh, looks like Isla has something to say, you guys. Hold on, I'm sure this is going to be really profound. Go ahead, Isla, knock us out with you wit and satire. This should be good, you guys.  Oh hey babe, what's going on?  Nothiiing, just talking to my girlfriends about tiny homes. Butters. How would you like to be the judge for the Special Ed Science Fair this weekend? Yeah, don't make up excuses because judging handicapped students sounds terrible! Because nobody wants to be trapped, in a gym, with Special Ed Science. Look, it's all just a complete waste of time! It's not like the Special Ed Science Fair is actually gonna contribute to society.  What the hell is going on?! Everywhere I turn, people are being given handouts while I'm forced to work my ass off! It's total bullshit!  Relax?! How can I relax?! I get straight A's! I ace every test! And who gets all the support?! The Special Ed Department! Fellow students, I have asked to speak today because of the hypocrisy and bullying that is coming from the administration at this so called... skewl. It is an outrage that our principal and counselor denand our participation in privileged programs that are outrageously overfunded. Why is it that the school allows funding that only goes to special needs students? Are the rest of us not special? If we are continually asked to work for no money and ask our parents to pay for our programs, then soon we will all be poor, and forced to live in a trailer park like Theresa. Theresa,  What did you say?! GET THIS OVER WITH?! You're supposed to be supporting me! Being supportive doesn't mean you criticize me, asshole! Just forget it! My point is, if the school administration doesn't cancel the science fair, I will see to it that they are all fired for discrimination! It's cancelled. You guys can get all this shit out of here and leave. Thank you!  Are you just gonna stand there?! Do something! I want you to have some BALLS and act like you care about me!  Call me a bitch again! That's what I thought! If nobody else is going to do anything, I will!  Move it! Get the fuck out of the way! I said get out of the way, you assholes!  Shit!  I don't... have to listen... to anybody! Fuck you! Well I'm sick of everyone treating me like shit!  Screw all you guys!  Is there something you wanna talk about? Whatever. It's Saturday, and I'm not in skewl.  How come we never snuggle anymore?! We used to snuggle all the time and it's totally gone away! What happened?! SNUGGLE! Goddammit, how come there's nothin' to watch on Saturday but kids cartoons?! Oooo.  What's goin' on in here? I feel somethin' moving around. I-it-   SNUGGLE! Piece of shit!  You promised we'd have a date night!  So then why can't I come? Fuck you, Wendy! Shut up, Kyle. You sound like your mom.  I love you too, babe. Oh look, honey. Kyle's mom is here. Shouldn't you be at temple, Ms. Broflovski?  Dude, that's awesome. Uf, Kyle's mom doesn't like the cartoon, guys. Better shut it off.   Come on, we've gotta get out of here. ..."The President?" [Her and Cartman walk up with their bikes] I saw him too. He had a blue suit and an orange face. He kept asking me "How are my ap..." You're not going. You promised that tonight, we would have a date night. Oh great. So Kyle's stupid brother goes missing, and I get fucked. How come I'm always the one getting shit on around here? Oh what's the matter, Kyle? Don't want me around because you had the hots for me and I shut you down? This is the place... This is the place where I ended it all, remember? This is where I threw my phone of the bridge and quit Twitter for good. [The camera pans to the left to show Heidi's ghost] I was so different then... so naive and hopeful. [The ghost throws the phone in the river after tweeting her final goodbye] I'm sorry! I'm trying to have a moment here! This is where our whole relationship started asshole! [The ghost turns to face herself] I remember feeling like I had nobody. Skinny bitch. Wait a minute... Isn't this the place you brought me before? The place you said your friends smashed your phone and computer...? I remember I felt so bad for you. We used to sit in the part and talk for hours. How come we never do that anymore? Here we go what?! You used to be so nice to me. I tried! But then you started rolling your eyes every time I tried to talk to you! I remember this place too... This is where you brought me on Halloween. Remember? No! It wasn't romantic. There was a witch and you had me dress up like Gretel and... [gasps] you were trying to get me killed! ''You'' were hurt! ''You'' Were the victim. [Heidi's ghost appears] ''Who turned you into this, Heidi?'' Shut up! Skinny-ass bitch! You don't know anything! [Heidi grabs White's gun] You piece of shit! This was all your fault! [She points the gun at Cartman] You controlled me and manipulated me and turned me into this! I used to be kind. I used to be caring. But then you... you... No. Not you. Me. I did this. I let being a victim become a way of life. If you always make yourself the victim, you can justify being awful. Eric... I'm sorry. I'm breaking up with you. I've been ridiculous. I have to learn to stop feeling sorry for myself. Yes, I am. It's over. It's not gonna work this time, Eric. I'm sorry. You can be the victim. I can't. Uhwell, I think uhh, I think I got some stuff to do at home.  He's your boyfriend, dude.  Yeah? Cartman? Okay. What do you mean?  What?? Wait. Cartman said he was going to kill himself? Totally. Shhh.  Yeah, you didn't hear? Gary Borkovec got ran over by a distracted driver. What the hell is going on? Dude, what asshole would take away a holiday? Hey dude. Yeah. Dude, I don't know what's going on. He's really serious about this. I can't get him to back down. I'll try, okay.  Dad, listen: you need to ease off a little here. Dad, come on. We all get your point, but don't you think you're overdoing it?  Look, I tried talking to him, alright? He's just really against all the things Columbus did. Hey Dad? But Dad, Kyle found a picture on Instagram.  If you hate Columbus so much, why did you dress like him? Yeah but,  here's you dressed as Columbus at a formal dinner, and here's you dressed as Columbus at a football game, and you as Columbus on St. Patrick's Day... Yeah, but Dad, you seem to be really stoked on Columbus. I don't think you're being intimidating enough. I don't know, like, like uh, maybe say- Just give me the phone! Hello! Randy Marsh is about to pay for what he's done!  Jesus! Just shut up, and watch what someone posted on their Instagram! Who the hell is that? We definitely don't have anyone with superhuman speed in our franchise. Whoawhoa wait, how come we gotta start off with a Netflix series? Can't we just go right into movies? What is it? Spreading lies how? Butters? Butters! Dude, listen. We don't have time for this. Right now, Netflix is buying any show that people pitch them. We have a real shot at starting our franchise, and you are a part of that franchise plan, okay? We have movies planned for the bad guy. Yes! Yeah, nobody believes in us. Aw man, here we go. Dude, this kid is deliberately lying about us on your platform for no other reason than to cause harm! Why are you protecting him?! Oh yes it is.  No, Wonder Tweek is right. It was better when we started the movies off with the Tupperware prequel. Why not? You go with the plan! Maybe we'll just... go and do our own franchise! Yeah dude, civil war. Fuck you!  Yeah, I'm here to visit my grandpa? It's just some Hummels. Grandpa?  That's what the guy gave me. Aw, come on, Grandpa. Isn't it enough I come to visit? I will. I just gotta do this for my grandpa first. I don't know. It's what he wants. I feel bad for him, all right? I think he's miserable. Look, I just gotta make this exchange for him and then we can go. Oh, oh, I think this is her now.  Cool. Do you have the Hummel? 'Kay, fine.  Old people love Hummels, dude. I don't know, all right?! It didn't occur to me as a possibility. I had no idea what was going on! No, we don't have to do that! Let me talk to him. I can put a stop to this.  Grandpa, what the hell have you gotten me into?! There were drugs in the crochet pillow, weren't there?! Do you know people are dying?! Oh, uh, ma'am? My grandpa actually really needs those drugs. He's in a lot of pain. What, what is she talking about? What's the quiet room? Guys, why does Grandpa have to be in a nursing home? Can't he live with us again? Is that really it? Because I, I just feel like we kind of threw Grandpa away and forgot about him. Yeah. I'd probably go crazy and wanna kill myself. Yeah, it's kind of like jail. You should go visit him. I don't have guitar lessons.  Hello?  Dude, I don't have a choice. I have to get the Hummels for my grandpa. All right, all right! I think I know another way. Ah! Uh hey, hey Marcus. Nothing. I-look, I, I just really like Hummels, okay? I'm just, I'm really into Hummels. That, that's uh... That, it's, it's "Whistling In The Rain." No. Marcus, trust me. You don't wanna get involved.  Guys! Guys, I need your help. I just talked to my grandpa. There's more at work here than just old people pushing pills.  The head bitch of the nursing home is gonna take my grandpa down. Maybe my whole family. But I know what to do! Whoever has the best Hummels controls the nursing home. We've gotta steal this lady's Hummel collection and give it to my grandpa!  Yeah? What ih, what is it, Cartman. Cartman, if you have an idea, please tell me. I need you. Marcus. Marcus, it's not what you think. I'm trying to make things better here.  You can put an end to this place, but you won't be stopping the problem. These people are victims too, Marcus. Victims of a way bigger game being played by way bigger people! It's not for me, Marcus. Look, I know you loved Chuck E. Cheese.  That's why you have to go further, Marcus. Take it to the people who profited from Chuck E.'s addiction. I know. I know.  I got what you needed. Yeah, Grandpa. Now you can put a stop to all this, right? What are you doing, Grandpa? Congratulations on becoming head bitch, Grandpa. Ahhh, don't worry. I have a feeling that's about to happen. No, I missed the whole thing. I always try to get to the pumpkin patch really early. We've got to take matters into our own hands. None of us is safe. Yeah, right. Like they'll handle anything.  What are bent pits?  You do? Wait wait wait wait. What the fuck are you talking about? Dude, is your dad home? We can't find our dads either. We asked our moms, and they said this has been going on for years. We've got to find them before something stupider happens. There's another guy. Someone else who was in the witches' club that hasn't been around for a while.  Butter him up, Butters. Butters, come on! We've gotta go! I guess our witches were gonna sacrifice your witch, but then the bad witch showed up and now the witch we called just arrived. There's witches everywhere! She loves him, I guess. Dude, are you still on this? No. Kyle, it's none of our business.  What's wrong with supporting them? They're our friends. What's going on? Come in! It's just starting.  What, what's wrong, dude.  Okay, dude. I didn't wanna have to say this, but you're really starting to sound like your mom. It's not his imagination. I saw him too. Out by the quarry. But I didn't believe it. I said, "How could this be..." Dude, isn't this all really familiar? I saw something just like this on that show called Stranger... Jesus. Now kids are going missing. [notices Kyle across the street walking by] Kyle! [the kids walk up to him] We'll all help you. Come on you guys. Look, we all know what we're supposed to do now We all saw "It" and "Stranger Things". We need to get our backpacks and go out to the woods and save the town from evil to some kick-ass '80s' music! Due, this is '80's' music? Well, just skip to the next song, man. We're trying to get psyched to destroy evil. We need better '80s' music than that. Dude, come on! This is not kick-ass '80s' music! Yeah! Craig just has the wrong stuff. Forget your pandora. I'm doing Spotify. '80s' music. 'Kay. There. [''"Pac-Man Fever"'' plays] Guys! Yeah, we're okay! We can't destroy him, can we? Yup. Uhh, come on, Ike.  You sound like a dying pig. Yeah dude, he's dead. They what?? Dude! Did you know it's your dad did who's getting the school to cancel Columbus Day? Well, you've gotta do something. If you get him to back down, maybe the school will reconsider. Stan, I have to deal with my mom doing shit like this all the time, but she's never tried to take away a holiday. I'm your best friend, but I can't have your back when the guys find out about this. No! No, wait guys. Maybe that's it. When I'm dealing with my mom, sometimes it works to be on her side for a minute. Maybe we should find out all the things people find offensive about Columbus and- I'll just look up Columbus, offensive, inflammatory- Nnnothing. Stan, can I talk to you for a minute?  What's he saying? No dude, that's too far. Dude, there's nothing we can do, all right? Come on, guys.  There's something else we can try.  That's why we had it transferred to VHS. Incoming Face Time call from Super Craig.  Butters! Butters! You can't just make stuff up about us!  People are thinking it's true! Dude, what a dick! It's so unfair. Coon, everybody hates us. We're here to put an end to you, Chaos! How are we gonna get him to do that?  Dude you can't do a prequel first. 'Cause then it's not a prequel, it's just... first. And besides, Tupperware isn't our strongest character. Dude, Stan. Come on, dude, we're gonna go set off fireworks at Kenny's house. Dude, that's really weird. You didn't know you were slinging drugs for your grandpa?  Dude! Did you give Butters a crochet pillow to drop off?! Well, you need to get Hummels without making Butters a drug dealer! Stan, we told you we don't wanna be involved. Dude, we're not getting involved! Haww shit! Did any of you guys actually see the witch? They say she blew up the pumpkin patch. Did any of you guys see that? No, we've got to just hope the police will handle it. Check this out, you guys. It says that to destroy a witch you need bent pits, nine in all, each bent into an L shape. Nobody's talking about getting rid of Heidi! OF THE WITCH! Then break up with her! You clearly can't stand her! LET THE POOR GIRL GO! Heidi is a nice girl! How could you be so awful to her?!  Dad, get out of here! We're trying to deal with an actual witch! Nobody's coming after you! No, I, I don't know where he is. How are we gonna do that? Who? That's enough, Cartman! I am so sick of hearing you call Heidi horrible things! I don't get it. I just really don't get it. How is she still supporting him?! But he clearly sucks! She has to know he sucks. What the hell is going on?! It is our problem. This is affecting us! Our whole school. There's got to be a reason she sticks by him.  Oh Heidi? Heidi, you got a sec? Hey. Uh, listen, uh... I-I know you and Cartman have an anniversary coming up and, I was just wondering, you know, um. How do you think he's doing? Aaas a boyfriend. Well, you know, like, some of us are thinking that, uh, maybe he's not super-qualified to be with you? Just, like, what are the things about Cartman that you find remotely redeeming? You don't have to get defensive. I just- I didn't say "I...  told you-" Wooow. Guys, listen: I think I know why Heidi won't admit Cartman's a horrible boyfriend. Yeah! It's important. We have to help that girl. Can't you see what's happening? You're wrong. In a way... I think we're all going out with Cartman right now. Hello. I know things have been difficult between us lately. I know you think all boys are sort of pigs, but just know that a lot of us boys think girls are amazing and smart and beautiful.  Oh, shit. It's Heidi Turner. You guys shouldn't criticize her so much for going with Cartman. I know! I, I know that, okay? Trust me, I hate Cartman as much as any of you, but just, give her some space, you know? You can't keep on saying "We told you so", because if you make her feel dumb, she just doubles down and tries to prove herself that it wasn't dumb. No! No I don't! ... Do I? Yeah, no, we're not getting involved with that.  Cartman, can we talk? I just, I hope that maybe you can realize what you have with Heidi and, and just try to be good to her, okay? You doin' okay, Heidi?  Heidi, people like Cartman, they always make things someone else's fault. We all wrongly see ourselves as the victims sometimes, but Cartman sees himself as the victim all the time. He'll always find someone to blame for his shortcomings, and because of that, he's never gonna change. No, Heidi. Good people make bad decisions every day.  Cartman, I didn't mean for things to happen the way they did. Cartman, you weren't happy. All you did was bitch about her all the time. Come on, Cartman. I- Stop it! I'm sorry, Cartman. You just have to accept that Heidi's moved on. Hey! You all set to go? Okay, sure. Yeah, that's understandable. What do you mean? But Heidi, I thought- Dude... did she just call me a dirty Jew?  Actually, some of their projects are pretty cool.  Uh, hey, hey, hey! What the hell are you all doing? Guys! Guys, this has gone on way too long. Can't we all stop being so mean to each other?  For the first time I feel kind of bad for the person being farted on. Vice Principal Woman? My name's Kyle, and I've been doing a lot of changing lately. I came because I might be able to offer some... insight into our problem here. You see, there's a culture at this school that embraces meanness, and I believe now that it comes from a Canadian TV show. All the boys watch it. I did too. We all laughed while they... farted... on innocent people's heads. The thing is, I never felt for the person being farted on. Until now. I want to work with you to open people's eyes, because I get it now. What? But, but I thought for sure YOU would be on my side. What?? D'oh, forget it!  Rrrrr! Thanks for having me, Tom. All I'm saying is that there's a culture that originates from Canada which is at least partly to blame for the state of our country now. I'm saying we're all guilty too. I grew up watching Terrance & Phillip, and I thought it was funny. No, it was never funny. I see it differently now. We don't wanna censor it, we just wanna... get rid of it. Oh, see? That's what I'm talking about, right there! That kind of mean, degrading, Canadian trash! Canadians should care about the rest of the world! Maybe I will! Maybe I know the President! Stop calling me that! That's all you know is how to be mean- Because you were all raised on it yourselves!  We are Millennials Against Canada. We demand this kind of bullying Canadian entertainment be stopped! Good. Give it here.  Yes, hello? This is the leader of Millennials Against Canada. Oh, I'm sorry I'm taking a stand and doing something. I realize this doesn't gel with your nihilism! I'm not like my mom! I'm gonna make a difference! It's gonna feel real good! The National Guard? Yes. This is Millennials Against Canada. We can't do that, Mr. President. Someone has to do what's right. What do I want? I want a world... where laughter doesn't come at someone else's expense. Where people can live freely without fear of being farted on. I want a world where you aren't ridiculed for trying to help. A world where a nice girl that I liked isn't turned into another Eric Cartman! These Canadians are in the way of that world, and everything they do and everything they have done needs to be erased from the Earth! Ike... Ike, I'm sorry that I caused a nuclear bomb to be dropped on Canada. I was just- you know, I was just trying to get shows that were toxic taken down. You know, those shows can be really harmful. [Him and Stan walk up with their bikes] What's going on? Who did? You saw the President? It's my fault. Ike went to go take matters into his own hands. I have to find him. I don't need anyone to go with me. I would never have the hots for the person you are now. We need to keep going guys. Ike! Ike? Can we go please?! Here it is. [Opens the door] Ike? He's not here either. You don't understand Canadians. They're fiercely loyal to their country. When Canada is attacked, they all join in the fight. Oh, my God! Look! These are Ike's toy binoculars! He was here! Ike! We got Google Home at my house. Heidi abuses you? Bzzz oh boy, I get my own origin movie, bzzz? I think that's Mark Zuckerberg. Oh Jesus, here we go again.  He's not making it up. It's my birthday party. W-we'll see you later, man. G-g'm, good luck.  Uh oh, trouble in paradise? Does anyone know what Columbus actually did? Eric, just l-let it go.  When I was born, my parents knew I was different.  As I got older, my powers only increased.  What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.   Well, besides being super f-f-fa-fast, I also have a good attitude, and flexibility with my schedule on weekends. Come on, fellas. Wu-we can't let Butters win. W-we believe in each other, don't we?  Who cares what everyone else thinks? I joined this franchise because I believe that it can make a lot of money. And being a superhero means you keep believing in that money, no matter how hard things get! Yeah? Nothing illegal about us kicking your ah...ass either. Who the ss-Sam Hell is th-that? What's the matter? Too f-fast for ya? Wha- Why, Mark Zuckerberg?? Do I get my own movie? Yeah, it was terrifying. She had a broom and a cackle and everything. Pissed off at your girlfriend again, huh Eric? All right, good, Timmy. Test 42a is successful. Let's move on to the next phase.  Oh hey fellas, we're doing great. Oh, it's fantastic. This year, Tim-Tim and I are doin' our project on  water bears. Oh, would you like to see them? Timmy and I have gathered thousands of water bears. Take a look in the microscope.  Water bears are water-dwelling, eight-legged micro-animals. They're one of nature's most resilient animals.  Studies have shown they can survive lava, and even the vacuum of space. Where all good scientists learn from. Octonauts. Some scientists believe the study of water bears is key to human survival. Oh, that's easy. You see, for the past several weeks, Tim-Tim and me have been training the water bears to respond to different sound waves. We found that they respond best to Taylor Swift. Hit it, Timmy.  Nathan, it's amazing. The water bears we've trained are starting to display social advancements. They've actually evolved to the point of doing the hokey pokey. Wow, look at this, Tim-Tim. They've all been researching water bears too. That's right. The water bears we've been working with appear to be evolving somehow. Francis, can you hand me the sound wave generator?  Wha-what do you mean, Nathan? Yuh you're not the government? But you said you were here to help stop us from becoming extinct. Oh, I get it. You've been experimenting with water bears to see how to make humans more impervious to concussions. Look at 'em. Every day, people are buyin' more an' more of them Amazon and Google thingies while we all sit here an'  lose our jobs! Automated personal assistants, self-drivin' trucks, whatever happened to people jobs?!  Now let's get out there and protest that Alexa took our jobs! No, not Joni Mitchell - "Turk Our Durr", you took our durbs! Amazon! Google! Apple! We're protestin' big corporations turning to automation! A home reno-what?  We have a right to protest, your honor!  Well just change the name of your show then! We just gotta hunker down and stick together here! You're full o'shit!  Doot doot. I've added Bella Terra quartz slabs to your shoppin' list. Fine! I've added Carrara gaywad pussy tiles to your shoppin' list!  I ain't doin' it! This job is degrading and menial! Somethin' that was Goddamned dignified! I'm sorry,  I do not get that!  What?! I'm sorry, I do not understand.  You really think you're different from us, Marsh? 'Cause you got a fancy show and live in the suburbs? Don't you see we're all about to be expunged?! Well, I don't have to stand here and take this! I'm leavin'!  Naw, hell with you! This whole country's goin' to shit! Muslims tryin' to kill us, black people riotin', and Mexicans poppin' out babies! Pretty clear it's either them or us, so I say kill 'em all!   You all work 'em out. Leave me alone. You don't know everything! It's 'cause I can't do it, alright?! I can't take out the wall between my livin' room and my kitchen! It's a load-bearin' wall!   So you see, what I'm afraid of is very real. You're talkin' 'bout... tearin' down the foundation of everything I know. I'm ready.   This is fuckin' amazing. It's all perfect. Oh my God, it's my own Zen garden! I can't believe this is fuckin' real. It ain't right. They took our jobs!  Doot-doot. Volume now at 60%. Doot-doot. Expunged- Come on, Darryl. We all got jobs. We gotta try. There's been a lot of hurting in our country lately.  And I'm her husband Randy. I do the construction and practice MMA in my spare time.   What we're thinking is to take out the wall between the kitchen and living room for a more open concept.  there's never a dull moment.  So guys, are you ready to see your renovation?!  On White People Renovating Houses.  Janet and Dave Fitzsimmons are looking to move from their dated two-story colonial home. What we're thinking here is taking out the wall between the kitchen and living room to give you an "open concept". Then we'll give you lots of space to entertain with an updated kitchen island and bar stool.  What the hell is that?  What the hell are you doing? 'Kay, cool. Could you do that somewhere else? Tryin' to do a home renovation show here. Cool, thanks, guys. [goes back inside and closes the door] And now back to White People Renovating Houses.   Oh, Goddammit! Not these dipshits again!  Will you assholes knock it off?! Don't you know every time you wave Confederate flags around, you make the rest of us look stupid?! Put the flag down unless you wanna get pepper-sprayed!  Agh. Ah, dammit!  Damnit, knock it off! Ow! Your honor, we have a TV show called White People Renovating Houses. We named it that well before these guys decided to start taking our brand and run it through the gutter! People are gonna start associating White People Renovating Houses with their hateful stupidity! All the other names were taken, your honor! Everyone's got a flipping show.  we built our show into something! We're trying to help people, and it's impossible with these guys waving a Confederate flag every chance they get! Hey hey hey heeey! Stop it! Stop it!  I came to make a truce. Now look, there's been a lot of hurt here. Hurt from both sides. It's time to end it. What if I told you... I could get you all jobs? No, I've spoken to everyone in the community, and they've agreed to go along with my plan. I believe I have a solution to all of this. So, Heather and Mike, what we're thinking is to take out this wall between your kitchen and your living room to give you a more open concept, with space to entertain. So let's talk about materials. What'd you pick out, Sharon? Hey Darryl, add Bella Terra quartz slabs to our shopping list. And what about the back splash, Sharon? Hey Darryl, add Carrara subway tiles to our shopping list.  Hey Darryl, add Carrara su- Huh, that's- that's not what I said.  Hey, Darryl, add Carrara subway tile to my shopping list! Well, what kind of job did you think you were gonna get? Hey, Darryl, what kind of job did you think you were gonna get? Hey, Darryl, sorry, but you did not go to college, so you have to take the jobs you can get. Hey, Darryl. Hey, Darryl! Coal mining and truck driving are not exactly jobs of the future, so add Carrara subway tile to my fucking shopping list!  Hey Darryl, you're supposed to be at work. Hey Darryl, come on. Everyone else is tryin' to make this work, and all you keep doing is ma-  Hey Cleetus, volume down. Hey Cleetus, define "expunged".  Whoa. What the hell was that all about? I think something's going on with Darryl. If we're gonna get anywhere, we better figure out what. Darryl?  Darryl, come on! Everyone's trying to work things out but you! You're stuck in another time, afraid to change no matter how necessary that change may be! Why are you so closed-minded? Don't you see that these walls have to be broken down before any progress can be made? Oh, God, Darryl, I- Jesus, Darryl. I'm- I'm sorry. I-  Things are different now. It'll be harder, but you can change. You just have to demolish what's there and start over. No.  Hyah!  All right, Darryl, we've certainly been through a lot and I know you're anxious. Are you ready to see your new home? Well Darryl, what do you think? You like the breakfast nook? And where you used to have your gun case, look at what Sharon did.  Well, it is real and now you've got the space in your home to entertain all your friends and family. Come on in, guys! }}  Okay, Stan, you got your phone? I need to call everyone on this list. They all live in the same city. Stan, it's not right that people celebrate a man who wiped out millions of people for his own glory!  Okay, next one, come on. Get calling, Stan! You have to overdo it in today's society Stan. You can't be nuanced and subtle anymore or else critics go "Wow, what was the point of that?"  Hi, Francis Melman? Hey, how are you, you fuckin' racist? Good evening. Well, I just have a problem with the racist people of this city. Yeehaw,  I'm from New York! I drive around a big circle n' celebrates a guy who murdered Native Americans! Shoowee! I don't care if people get indigenous, I'll crap all over their statues! I'm the one who's indigenous that this landmark even exists! Not now, Stan. I'm working on a proposal to change British Columbia to just British. Where did you get that? Look, that was a long time ago, okay? It's just a dumb Halloween costume. Look, I was younger! We were all... younger. It was another time. You have to understand, it was 2013. Everyone was stoked on Columbus back then. If you guys found those pictures online, it's only a matter of time before everyone else does. People won't care about what I do now. They'll just see me as a thoughtless, indigenous son of a bitch.  What's the point, Sharon? Soon they're gonna be coming after me. Hell fucking yes I'm in. Alright, everyone's here. Let's do this.  All right, everybody. Hey, thanks for comin'. If uh-I can have your attention, please? I think we're ready to get started. Yeah, I know, but I just, I was really excited, wanted everyone to witness my test. Okay, great. I'm very interested to see [begins speaking more slowly] what those results have to say. Shelly! We've got an emergency! We're getting rid of all the Columbus stuff in this house! Any Columbus costumes? Columbus pictures? They all gotta go! Sharon! Peter Galtman called! He sounds suspicious! We've gotta get rid of all our Columbus shot glasses and coffee cups! Where are they?! Shot, shot glasses, coffee cups, towels, plates. What about the Columbus figurine salt and pepper shakers?  Sharon, do you know what they'll do to us when they find out how we were so stoked on Columbus?? Oho, really?! Did you forget our wedding?! That's you, right there!  Standing there with a big smile on your face! You didn't say anything about it being insensitive then, did you?!  Oh... nooo, nonononono. Thank you. Lo-lovely flowers. Thank, thank you.  Sharon, have you seen my Columbus staff and orb? Sharon, Galtman called again. Somebody's out there trying to get me in trouble! Everyone was excited about Columbus! For some reason people are just pointing fingers at me! Just because he's suddenly not cool now doesn't mean I'm gonna be the effin' scapegoat!  I've gotta burn this stuff!  Oh Goddamnit! Will you get out of here?!  I didn't kiss you 'cause I liked you! Okay, okay That's it! Get off my property!  Get off my land, you piece of shit!  Don't post that.  Shit!  Sharon, good news! The people from the DNA test called. They're on their way over. You wanna come down? You sure? These results could be really interesting.  Oh Goddammit, what the hell do you want? Crap, it's them!  Get over here! I don't have any feelings for you. Do you understand?!  NO! No buts! There is nothing here! I'm not in love with you! Got it?! Good! Now leave!  Hi, sorry. You guys have my results? Well what? You found something there you didn't expect to find? What is it? Do it again? That's not fair. Agh-uh oh, okay, no problem.  Okay! Okay, all set. Let's do this. Aaaaa- An anal swab? Give me tuh, three minutes.  Oh, aw shit.  Whoa, ha-hay.  Chillin', chillin'. Oh, you did? Oh, great. Sure, why not? Uh, I'm here. Huh let's uh, let's do that.  Really? Like Native American? Like a, like a little bit? Nnnuts!   Awww. Neander-thal? What the hell is that about? Wiped out? All of my people? Cross-breeding? You mean rape. You're telling me that my ancestors were raped, and then eradicated by you? You maniacs!   You find this funny, Galtman! Nobody had the guts to tell me what happened to my people, huh? Get the hell out of here!  Waww God! Yeah, sure! Everyone gang up on the Neanderthal! Isn't it funny!  Mr. Galtman, I haven't been honest. It's time for us all... to be honest. What is a holiday? It's a day off work, yes. A day off school. But holidays are also meant to be a time to reflect. Today, I'm happy to announce that the school calendar committee is reinstating the day off.  But instead of glorifying anyone, Let us make it a holiday about the negative feelings that we all sometimes feel. Say what we're really thinking so we can move on. And so, the second Monday in October will still be a holiday, but instead of Columbus Day, it will be for ripping on each other and tearing each other down. And we will call it Indigenous Peoples Day. For perhaps if we all do it at the same time, we won't be so indigenous the rest of the year. And since this is the second Monday of October, let's all embrace the new meaning of the holiday starting right now. That's the spirit, Dave. Come on, everybody, let's just all be totally indigenous. Come on! Good one Kurt. Your wife's a whore. Come on, everyone! Indigenous People's Day! Let's go for it! Okay, I will in a second, fatso. All right, who else? Come on! Get it out of your system! Happy Indigenous People's Day, everyone. Suck my asshole!}} And who are these kids? Does anyone know? They're wearing capes and forcing objects into their own rectal cavities? Why? Facebook? How so? That'll never happen. You know what I say we do? Let's invite Mark Zuckerberg to come and talk to us all about our concerns in this community. We did.  We invited Mark Zuckerberg to town. Poop in his mouth! Stan, Grandpas has a lot of needs that we can't provide him here. He needs professional supervision. Oh really? Do you have any idea how much money we pay to have Grandpa in that place? Your grandpa is stylin'! Can you imagine being able to just sit around all day and not have to do anything but eat and watch TV? Jesus, Stan! It's not like he's in jail! I can't! I'm too busy busting my ass to pay the bills for that place, and to pay for your guitar lessons! I don't want to go there. It's depressing. Aw you tricked me. Well, it's really great seeing you, Dad. Guess we oughtta hit the road soon. Aw Jesus, now we know where Stan gets his guilt trips from!  Yes. Yeah, we love coming here. Wugh.  We're never visiting here again. Hey Sharon, did you see the box of Jack Daniels? What do you mean? Of course I am. Sharon, you know the week leading up to Halloween is always my Witch Party Week with the guys. We have some drinks. Come on, all the other guys' wives aren't being bitchy about it. Sup, witches!  Yep. Who's got the other stuff.  Yeah, right. We're gonna miss the first night of the party. Well, I got the Jack. Oh yeah! Jack and Crack Witch Week! Let's do this! And screw the Raiders too! No way. Check out Stephen, you guys. Oooooooooooooo.  Like real, how? That's pretty cool.  Whoa, whoa, whoa whoa whoa. Oh. Hey, didn't see you there. Uuuhhh, nnno, what happened? Are you serious?!  God, I knew that guy was a fuckin' chode!  Nothin'. We were just hangin' out and talkin' and stuff, and then Chip got all weird. Yeah, I agree! It's awful! We're not like Chip, okay?! He's a bad witch! All right, see you, Sharon. Have a good night. What do you mean? It's Day 2 of Witch Week with the guys. Why not? Wugh! Gau! Just because of one bad witch we're supposed to stop a tradition that goes back twenty-someodd years?! Jesus!  Sup guys? I know, right? It's like, there's one awful witch who wants to kill everybody, so now they're coming after all of us. This is like a witch... thingy. A witch uhhh- Yeah, that's what it is!  "Park closed until further notice". That's bullshit! They can't do this! The whole town really is on a witch pursuit thing! Yeah, sure, no.  You go over there. Sure, Stephen.  Okay, look. You're freaked out, it's understandable. Okay, we smoked a little crack. We put harmless spells on our wives. We were just messing around, it was harmless fun. Stephen, you can't turn on your own kind. That's what these witch pursuit thingies do, okay? They make everyone go crazy.  All right, Stephen. At least give us till tomorrow morning to talk to our wives and prepare them, all right? Can you just give us till morning? It's okay. It's okay.  Hey, it's Randy. Weve got until tomorrow morning to sacrifice Stephen to the Devil. I'll explain later, just get everyone together. And, maybe bring just a little bit of crack. Hello, Stephen. We're putting a stop to you, Stephen, because that's what good witches do! Ugh, you understand everyone associates us with you, right? Look, Chip, if we had known you were gonna hurt people, we would have never even hung out. No, seriously. No we wouldn't! Hey! And there's still a few nights left of Jack and Crack Witch Week.  [rides up on his bike] ...Stranger Things. Stranger Things is the show. I saw it too. You saw It too? Jesus. I don't think anyone's imagining anything. I think the President IS here. You kids get inside somewhere. I have to warn the town! [gets on his bike and rides off, only to fall on his face a few seconds later.] Aw! Oh, for fuck's sake, White, he's running around eating our pets and terrorizing our kids! Make her not funny for thirty years? What are you doing, Bob? [Randy is joined by Steven, Linda, Sharon and Roger] Have you been putting food out for the president? We all agreed not to feed him so he'd go away. Bob, come on. You have to know it's not safe to have him here. What's that got to do with anything, Bob? Come on. Bob, if Canada finds out the president is hiding here, they are going to nuke us. He needs to go. Give me the finger sandwiches. What? I'll do it. What the... Principal and Vice Principal...? But... But you two work togeth... You two work togeth... [Vomits] The Principal and the Vice Principal! [He takes off his hood] Sharon... I... I... The... There's... Ugh... You don't want to know. The Principal and Vice Principal are, like... together. [Sharon vomits right onto Randy's face.] Aw! Bob, for the love of Pete, our country is about to go to war! He's not saving Christmas, Bob. He's running around scaring your kids and shitting in the woods. Come on, Bob. What's best for your daughter? I mean, really? I don't know. I guess... It's up to the Whites. I'm Sharon Marsh and I do the designing and decorating.  We renovated over 45 homes  I was gonna do a Bella Terra quartz for the countertops. I was gonna go with these Carrara subway tiles? Randy, do you mind cleaning out the garage like I asked? Ach.  YOUR Columbus shot glasses and coffee cups are in that cupboard. I don't know where YOU put them, Randy. YOU were stoked on Columbus, Randy. Not me. I actually was a little upset that you dressed up as Columbus for our wedding, but I decided- I have not.  Randy, why don't you just admit to people that maybe you were somewhat overly excited about Columbus in the past? What?? I'm doing something. Oh no, you're not doing this again. Stan wanted us to take him to the pumpkin patch. Yeah, and you guys get wasted. Did you hear anything about what happened last night? Your buddy, Chip Duncan?  Apparently, he flew around on a broom, blew things up, and kidnapped some children? You heard nothing about this?! He flew away vowing we'd all be dead by Halloween! Randy, what did you guys do at that party? People were hurt!  Where do you think you're going?  You can't possibly be considering doing this again! Randy, a real witch is flying around in the skies snatching children! I don't think this is the best time for you to be wearing a witch costume and partying! Randy! Did you find anything? What is it? What did you find? Tell me! You have to tell me! [Officer Bright takes off his hat] Oh, God! What did you see?! You have to tell me! I can take it! Did you find our son's arm? Did you find him torn apart? What?! Stan, you're okay! You! Will not! Replace us! You! Will not! Replace us!  You took our jobs! Took our jobs! Yeah! They took our jobs! You! Will not! Replace us! You! Will not! Replace us! You! Will not! Replace us! You! Will not! Replace us! You! Will not! Replace us!  Get it! Burn it alive! Yeehehehehah! Huh? Jobs? Give us jurbs? They took our jobs! Yeeeeah! Suck it, Alexa! Eat shit, Siri! How you like that, bitch?! You tell 'em, Darryl! Yeah! I'll get it!  Take that, bee! Yeah! Those things are replacing us! I'll pepper-spray you, sombitch!  Fuck you!  Took ur durbs! Hey, there's a bee in here!  Hey waiter, this soup is too hot. I can't even eat it.  The complaint states that your protest has resulted in damages in excess of $50,000.  Order. We will now hear from the plaintiffs who are seeking damages. That's right! That's right! Dude, what happened? So what do you want from us? But you said she was mentally abusive. Fastpass, what makes you feel... qualified to be part of our cinematic universe?  Now, Zuckerberg! Let me see you block my shtoile! What are we gonna do, guys? Stan's right. This might fall on us.  Heidi's getting fat?  What do you want? So? What?! Why?! You still have a house! Get outta here!  Nothing, Mom. ...NO!! I told you not to let him in. "...How are my approval ratings?" [walks up with his bike] I saw him too. I saw Stranger Things AND It. What's the use, Darryl? Ain't nobody taking us serious-like. I'll cool it down!   Oh hi, poopsie. Oh, y-yes sweetie. Uh, we had to get rid of Alexa. Oh, i-it's okay, sweetie, we have Jim Bob now. It works the same and makes sure people don't lose their jobs. Jim Bob, what time is it? Oh, Mommy's gotta run, sweetie. I've got a doctor's appointment. Jim Bob, how's the traffic to town? Okay,  you want some music, hon? Jim Bob, play Kendrick Lamar. Oh, he is, sweetie, but I can't get him to come out of his room.  Oh, I think I can remember all that, yes. Oh yes, my little Eric just loves the pumpkin patch. It's one of his favorite events of the year. All right, you kids all ready? Eric, potty mouth. Yes, hon?   Doot doot, it is 3:27.  Doot doot. Traffic's fine, you'll get there in about nine minutes. Playing "Humble" by Kendrick Lamar.  The hell you talkin' 'bout, boy?!  A relationship has to be 50/50, Eric. We need to talk, Eric, even if it isn't fun. We both have to make it work. Talk, Eric! I'm not mad, Eric. I'm disappointed. I thought you would have respected my feelings more than that. You used to care about me, Eric! Come on and talk! Eric, we need to talk. I'm not happy! Eric, come on! We've got to talk! No fun! Just talk! Fuck you, Eric! Fuck you!  Okay, I will call you "Okay, Google, repeat after me: Alexa, Simon says "Suck my big balls in your hairy butthole." Alexa, Simon says "Suck my big balls in your hairy butthole."  "Suck my big balls in your hairy butthole."   Entree.  Yes, Eric, how can I help you? Well, unfortunately, this week is Distracted Driving Awareness Week at school, so you might have a hard time. A lot of people. There's more deaths now because of people on their phones while driving than ever before. Entree vous. Gary Borkovec was a good student. He didn't deserve to be taken away by someone not paying attention to the road. I don't know what more you want from me, bro. I can give you two student volunteers and one pigeon. Maybe you should. Maybe you should. All right everyone, listen up. Tonight, one of our students has put together a song about a very important issue. It's a song about how there are certain times to not be on your phone. I hope you all listen carefully.  Excuse me, can I help you? That's right, the science fair is this Saturday from 10 am to 2 pm. Oh, dude. Bro. All right, everyone, listen up. Give me your attention please. Due to circumstances beyond our control, we are cancelling the Special Ed Science Fair.  Alright everyone, listen up. As you know, there's been a lot of bullying and insensitivity at our school. To counteract this, it is my firm belief that South Park Elementary is in desperate need of s a strong woman. So in looking for a new vice principal, we wanted to find a powerful, intelligent, and independent female to be a role model for us all. And with that said, I'd like to introduce our new vice principal, Strong Woman.   Hey! Stotch! You do not disrespect Strong Woman by talking when she's talking! Oh. Uh, I was just making sure everything was uh- Shit. I mean, no, sorry, sorry, I'm not u-, uh, here you go.  From everyone! No. NO! Sorry, I thought I'd... add, just add for emphasis. No-I, I'm... Uh, I'm sorry.  Alright, now if we have any q-  Right, right, uh, I'm sorry. Every- pay attention everybody! Alright, everyone. Listen up. As you all know, we've been looking for a strong woman to take on the role of vice principal at this school. We couldn't be happier with the selection we've made and we're sure she'll be making our school a better place. So with that let me turn over the floor to our new vice principal, Strong Woman.  E-excuse me everyone, I um, I need to get to the restroom. Sorry, I'll be right back.  That's right, I'm PC Principal. I'm uh... having this problem with my ears. There's like a persistent kind of ahh ringing going on. It's um, Hootie & The Blowfish. Yeah, uh, ahem, there's a new woman that has joined our faculty. Her name is Strong Woman, and uh, she seems to have set off some kind of device in my ears. No, that couldn't be it. We work in the same place, so it would be impossible for me to like her. I'm thinking there's some sort of device in my ears. Oh, dude. Bro. Uh YES. Yes, Mackey, um, I just wanted to see how you thought it was going with Strong Woman. Do you know, uh, [begins to fumble on his words] Do you know if Strong Woman has a boyfriend? No-nothing. Just forget it.  I just wanted to know because she's unavailable, then maybe I can get my head off of her, alright?  I don't know how it happened. I know it's inappropriate and yet I can't stop thinking about her. I think I'm... sick. HR? Is that like... Hootie Removal? Alright, everyone. Listen up. As you know, we want to provide a safe work environment for all our employees. Sometimes feelings do arise and we are tempted by the Devil to act upon them. So we've been reaching out to Human Resources division as I think we can all use someone to tell us about what is and isn't considered misconduct. She has some great advice for us, so please welcome Heather Conduct. Go ahead, Miss Conduct.  All right, military alert, everyone! Let's get to the hallways and get the students to the gymnasium! Come on, let's move! You heard her! Move it, people!  I have to make sure all the classes are empty. You go take cover with the kids. Alright, come on!  Oh no. Vice Principal Woman, I need to ask you something. This is very difficult, but, uh...  Well, as you can see, there's a door in front of us. I would like to open this door for you. However, I understand the gender-based biases this can imply. I don't need to open the door. I'd just be opening it and holding it the same way I would for Counselor Mackey, a student, anyone else. Uh, we sort of have some bigger problems right now, Mr. Uh... Uh, yes. We are here with our student of the day to reward him lunch with the principal and vice principal. Is it my fault that I found the most amazing, perfect, beautiful woman...at work? Maybe they will. We're co-worker who are in love. You really think that's going to bother people? We're all gonna die! They have nuclear missiles! Wuh! Waaaa! Why are you just sitting there, doing nothing?!  AAAH!  AAAH! I can't settle down! We're all gonna die!  Oh God! The President tweeted that North Korea doesn't have the guts to attack us! Why would he say that?! He's making everything worse! But North Koreans are gonna think we all agree with the President! ...That won't help anything! North Korea wants us dead! I can't write in Korean and they all think we're war-hungry anyway! Errrrg! Send something, like what? I don't know how to make croissants! Uunnggc,  cupcakes? Okay.  Huh? Oh.  Oh, ahhh.  D"AAAAH! WHAT?? WHY WOULD HE SAY THAT?! The President! He tweeted about me! Why would he do that?! Did you see that?! Wwwhat? ...A fidget spinner?? Did you read what the President tweeted??   AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! AAH!  Greeaat.  What is that??  D'aahaahaah! Oh my God! Oh my God! Why is this happening to me?! They have to know that this isn't my fault! Whaaat?! Why would he say that?! Oh my God! What is he doing?! Why won't he just stop? Why?! Why does he keep making it worse?! WAAAAH!  Look at what the President tweeted now! Just read it!  They're gonna get me, Craig! Look at what's on CNN!  Waaaah! What am I gonna do?! How am I supposed to calm down?! North Korea is gonna get me! They're gonna get me! But Craig, I- Ugh! What are we doing here, Craig?!  The Ferris wheel!!  Oh God! Another tweet from the President! "Why would the U.S. be scared of North Korea? Tweek is so not scared he's at an amusement park in Denver right now."  JESUS CHRIST, WE'VE GOTTA GET OUT OF HERE!!  Oh my God, what is that? What is that?! Will you please stop saying that?! I can't take it! Well, maybe I don't wanna feel better right now! Why do you have to be so logical?! I don't need you to problem-solve all the time, I need you to... Augh, I don't know! You haven't been dealing with it, you've been trying to make it go away because my emotions are freaking you out!  There you go again! Stop preaching facts to me! It's not what I need! What? What do you mean, what's going on?! The same shit that's been going on! I feel scared! I feel alone! It is!  It's terrible! Like, like I have no control over my life. Like I'm just a pawn in a big game. Yeah, like trapped, but like, completely unable to even move. I don't know, it's... it's like... maybe, maybe I have to find a way to feel a little in charge of me again. I don't know, but I I've gotta do something about this. There's gotta be a way I can...  I've got it. People aren't focused on the right thing. I know what I should do. This franchise plan sucks! Yeah!   Kyle! Kyle! Don't do this, man! You can't mess with this shit while You Know Who is in office! We're all gonna die! Aaaagh! It's the President! Gaaahhh! [rides away quickly] I saw what I saw, Craig! You have to believe me! It was real! He tried to get me! The President! [Stan looks away, as if Tweek's statement hit close to home] We're all going to be missing soon! Nyaaarg! Do we really need music?  The wheels on the bus go round and round... What am I supposed to do? He's not gonna listen to me. He never does when he's emotional.  Tweek. Dude, come on, you've gotta settle down.  We're not all gonna die, you're overreacting. Everything's fine, okay? Tweek- Okay, so how about you write your Congressman a letter? Okay, so write a letter to the North Koreans. Okay, well why don't you just send something nice to the North Koreans? It will make you feel better, babe. I don't know, like... make some croissants or something? Well, what do you know how to make? All right, go home and make some cupcakes, honey.  Tweek, calm down. Yes, I did see that, so I went and got you something to make things better.  See?  Hey Tweek. What time is it, dude? "North Korea doesn't have the balls to attack Tweek. They have little tiny rice balls." You've gotta calm down.  Tweek. Tweek. Tweek! ''[calms down, but is still shaking]' Let's think this through logically. North Korea isn't going to attack anyone, okay? They're not going to start a war they can't win. Okay?'' Tweek! You have to stop thinking about it. Tell you what. We're gonna go somewhere fun and make you feel better. Okay, babe, what do you want to ride first? We're gonna get your mind off politics and have some fun. Now, what's your favorite ride? Isn't this lovely, Tweek? Just look at that view! Oh, come on. Tweek! Tweek, use your brain! North Korea isn't going to attack an amusement park. You're safer here than anywhere. It's probably nothing. Everything's fine. I'm trying to make you feel better. Okay, but think about that. That actually doesn't make any sense. Tweek, honey, all week you've been freaking out, and I've been the one forced to deal with it! Tweek, North Korea isn't bombing anyone.  They would lose the support of China, and that would mean- Well, I'm sorry that I'm actually in control of my goddamn emotions, you baby!   How should I know? Look guys, Tweek doesn't want help, okay? He just wants to overreact.  Tweek, what's going on?? Nothing's gotten any better? Oh my God, how does that make you feel? Well that must be horrible to feel that way. It must be hard for you to even think! I bet it's terrible! What else are you feeling? Oh, that's a terrifying thought. You must feel trapped. Jesus, it's like there's no solution to any of this! What are you gonna do?? What can you do? That sounds so insurmountable though. How would you even start? You guys, we have a big problem. Somebody's messing with our Facebook page. They're spreading all these lies, saying we like, burn the American flag and pee in each other's mouths. Take a look.  Someone is systematically targeting our Facebook followers and feeding them misinformation. Yeah, but he's saying he doesn't ever get his own movie. I thought Civil War wasn't supposed to happen until Phase 3. Come on, Tweek. Hurry! Don't take that crap, Heidi! Let Cartman have it! Dammit. [pats him on the shoulder] There there, Tweek. Everything is going to be okay. Tweek's having a panic attack. It's just your imagination, Tweek. But wait, isn't Stranger Things just like that movie-? We'll help you. Yeah. It's Pandora. '80s' channel. "Hold On to the Nights" Richard Marx, 1988.  Oh, yeah. That's better. Dude, maybe your brother didn't even go looking for the President. A young homosexual boy known only as Tweek has touched the hearts of many by sending cupcakes to the North Korean government.  The human interest cupcake story has apparently been heard by the President. Just moments ago, the President tweeted "I know that kid Tweek. He's fucking with you, North Korea. Get a clue. I'll bet he took a dump in the batter." The President of the United States just tweeted again, this time saying "I hope ALL children of America will stand with Tweek in saying 'GO AHEAD AND BOMB US, KIM JONG DONG, WE FUCKING DARE YOU!'" Hey guys. Take a minute to read about distracted driving?  Talk to all the grownups you know about staying off their mobile devices when they get behind the wheel. Hey guys-  Obvi. Guys, she admitted she made a mistake. But we told you so.  Hey guys. Got a second to help stop distracted driving?  Thanks. Uh!  Hey Tweek. How's it going with the fidget spinner? You seem a lot less anxious. Things are finally turning around for my little homosexual son.  I'm not sure.  Tweek, Tweek.  Here, here's your fidget spinner. Fidget spinner, Tweek! Come on, son!  Focus on the fidget spinner. I swear, that was the worst public speaker I've ever seen. What was Mark Zuckerberg's point? Guess nobody realized that Mark Zuckerberg was such a penis. What the hell? I know who it is!  Excuse me, what are you doing here?! We invited you to come speak to our community about our problems! Hey! Get out of our fridge! Now you listen here! I will not-!  Oh wait, I'm supposed to be- No agreement has been reached between the parties involved.  Tweek, of course, the young boy who got the attention of Kim Jong-un last week. The news media in North Korea is calling the missile test a victory for its people.  In response to the North Korean test, the President of the United States has just tweeted this statement: "You really think Tweek is scared? Tweek will single handedly go to North Korea and fuck ALL you slanty-eyed bitches doggy style." The President also tweeted, "...if you even think Tweek is worried about a bunch of dipshit, poor-ass, third world rice pickers...think again!" And the President's tweets have certainly caught the attention of North Korea, who have been spending the past several days viewing possible targets for a nuclear strike, if war were to break out.  Today, the great country of North Korea has proven its determination and fortitude by successfully firing a missile over Tweek's house. Perhaps now Tweek will come fight-  Aww, Jeez, looks like North Korea launched another missile. I'm on Drudge. You see what the President tweeted about it? President tweeted, "North Korea is the butt hole of Asia and-" Baaaah!  Oh, really? Like another test? Where are you looking? No, what'd he say?  Innocent child!! I know. I know, it's so sad. Hey, good for you guys, trying to help.   Oh God, did you see what the President said about Asians now? Look out!  Oh, Jeez, the President just called Kim Jong-un a fat midget.  Oh, and now North Korea is saying that they're gonna- Oh, shit!  Dad, look out!  All right everyone, please wait for your bumper cars to come to a complete stop. We hope you enjoyed Crazy Cars-  Mommy, look out!   Hey guys, can we have your attention? Tomorrow night we'll be having a memorial service for all the students we've lost to distracted driving. We hope you can all bring your families. ...Uhw-we're gonna have some guest speakers and also provide grievance counselors for those who need it. <poem><i>[scattered around town] Let's all agree, here today, that if we're leader of the U.S.A.</i></poem> Aw! Come on! Sit down, Bob! <poem><i>We'll put it down</i></poem> <poem><i>If you find yourself being President today.</i></poem> If at any point today you're being a President, put down your mobile device. <poem><i>Put it down.</i></poem> <poem><i>Put it down.</i></poem> <poem><i>No one cares.</i></poem> <poem><i>Put it down if you're President today.</i></poem> <poem><i>Ah ah ah, ah a-aaah.</i></poem> <poem><i>Ah ah ah, ah a-aaah, aaah. Put it down.</i></poem> <poem><i>Put it down. [the choir fades out, leaving only Craig and Tweek]</i></poem> If I'm on the phone, I will not get behind the... desk of an oval office. I'll take the pledge! I'll take the pledge.  Hello there, misterr... Principal, is it? Hm what's bringing you in today?  O-kay, can you describe the ringing? You're hearing a song?  So maybe you're having some feelings for her. Well, I looked, and Hootie & The Blowfish aren't in your ears. I believe you're hearing them in your mind and your heart. And I'll take the pledge. What's that? I was just elected President? Well then, goodbye! Hey, Brian, look! I was just elected President. Right. That's great, Nancy. Now put down your phone. My name is Peter Galtman. I am the head of the school calendar committee.  I've decided that school will not celebrate Columbus Day this year. I realize this is a hot-button issue for many families, but one parent in particular has really swayed my opinion with his passion. Mr. Randy Marsh. Mr. Marsh pointed out to me the hypocrisy of glorifying a genocidal murderer, and Mr. Marsh is right now also working on having the Columbus statue taken down in Canyon City.  Galtman residence.  Mr. Marsh, you took a dump on a beloved statue that's been an icon here in the city for years. What was your reasoning? So you're doing this because of indigenous peoples and their feelings. Aah, aaah, bah, back to you, Tom.  Hey, you! That's right, you! Wouldn't you like to know the story of you? What makes you you? DNAandMe is a genetic service that can help you find out exactly who your ancestors were. You might be surprised. The test is easy.  Simply swab the inside of your mouth and send it into our lab. Order now and find out if your friends should be more sympathetic towards you. DNAandMe. Are you in?  I thought I was just a standard white guy, but DNAandMe showed that I'm actually 4.2% Cherokee Indian.  AAAAHHHH Help!   I used to get in trouble for always using the N word. But with DNAandMe I found out that I'm 2.1% black. Sup, n*gga?  We  were shocked to read that a young African-American boy is wearing Tupperware and defecating on girls while they sleep. What if those kids are hanging out with our kids? Zuckerberg ate everything in our freezer and then helped himself to my wife's lubricant!   Here he is, everybody! Stephen's a bad witch! Not like you! What? What the hell are you talking about?! Heidi? Turner? The Turners' daughter? I thought she was with that Kyle Broflovski kid. I saw them at the park today holding hands. Yeah, Kyle. Okay guys, it's November and who can tell me what that means?  Yes, Francis? That's right, the Science Fair is this weekend, and I know you're all very excited to show the projects you've been working on.  All right, what do you guys think of Nathan and Mimallah's project idea?  Jimmy and Timmy, this is incredible! You've somehow made them even smarter.  Boys, this might be the single greatest Special Ed Science Fair project I've ever seen!  'Morning, Steve?  People made fun of me for being French. DNAandMe showed I was 8% Navajo. Nobody's makin' fun of me now, or my people, who are victims. I'm 13% victim. I'm 21% victim.  Ahah, Mr. Marsh, you know, none of this was really necessary. For DNAandMe testing you can just swab the inside of your mouth yourself and send it in the mail. Well, to each their own I suppose.  Okay, I'll get this back to the lab and get the results to you as quickly as possible. Well, Mr. Marsh, we came because there was an irregularity with your test. Well it's just a little too odd. We need to do the test again. Mr. Marsh, please. If we could have one more sample. We want to be absolutely sure of what we found. Mr. Marsh, we were hoping to do a more precise test. It's better for harder cases like this, but... it is an anal swab this time.  Mr. Marsh, we're in a bit of a hurry, if you don't mind.  Oh, Mr. Marsh. Good. Wha-what are you up to? Well, uhhh, we did get your DNA results back this morning. Would you like to go over them? N'all right Mr. Marsh, here's your DNAandMe portfolio.  This shows that we actually found a mix of a few things in you regional ancestry. Nno, we didn't find any trace of any Native American DNA in your test. But as you can see here  your standard Caucasian British person. And, you might be interested to know that you're actually 2.8% Neanderthal, which is fairly high. Well, the Neanderthals were actually a species that was wiped out by Homo sapiens. Yes, but you see, because of some cross-breeding, some people like you still possess Neanderthal DNA. Isn't that interesting? Listen to me carefully. The man who convinced you to cancel Columbus Day is a fraud. You will go online and search Instagram for images of Randy Marsh. Randy Marsh is a hypocrite and a fake. You will be taken down with him when he is exposed!  Who is this? I most certainly will not! Now you listen here, Mr. Man! The Galtmans don't believe in social media or the Internet! It's all fake news! Hm.  Sounds like maybe the Galtmans need to check out Randy Marsh.  Galtman residence. I spoke with Mr. Marsh and he denied any wrongdoing. What? This is a violation of my rights. I most certainly will not! If you want me to look at the Internet, I will die first. It's fake news! Oh, VHS is fine. Hmmm... Well well, Mr. Marsh. I'd like to have a word, please. What'd I do? (Shhh! Don't interrupt!)  We know where you live and we know how to make you suffer!  (Well, I don't know if that worked.)  Listen carefully if you want to live. You will make this Monday a school holiday.  Of course he did! That's what liars do! Meaner like now, dude?  We're gonna cut off your dick!  Move your ass, Galtman! Take off his blindfold.  Zuckerberg is the key. He's the only person who can shut down Facebook. How come I have to have the video game? I want a movie too! He just likes this plan because he gets two movies in Phase 1. Yeah! We'll make WAY more money on OUR franchise!  Fake news. I don't give a shit about Columbus. I've never felt so alive until now. I wrote you a song to express my feelings for you.  And then he kissed me.  And then he kissed me.  And the sun began to shine. Randy, I cannot quit you. Uuugh!  I want you to stop running from yourself. We could be so happy.  But Randy, what about the- Yes. Yes, I understand. I brought my parents over so you could meet them. Don't worry. My parents are very okay and cool with us. Randy, you must face who you are. Stop pretending, Randy. For once, just allow yourself to feel. Do you even know what indigenous means, you freakin' idiot?! Who the hell let this guy talk to the school council? Shut up and get off the podium!   What on Earth was that?   Butters, you're not looking at boobies again, are you? You know what I think the problem is? Facebook. Well, look, we all know there's a lot of mixing of truth and fiction that's been on Facebook lately, and children lack the cognitive ability to determine what's true and what isn't on Facebook. That's why we now have young kids dressing up in costumes, eating poop, and having sex with antelopes in our town. Why not give it a try? Let's invite Mark Zuckerberg here and see what he has to say? I'm sure he's a reasonable person.  What, eh. Excuse me, this is our car?! Get, get out of here, ya penis. You have to do something! This guy's goin' around acting like everyone's stuff is his! Please, you don't understand! He-h he's such a penis! Butters! You're the one who started all this?! You think you're just so smart, don't you?! Make me look like a fool, will you?! We'll just see about this! Not so funny now, is it?! Go on! Tell Mr. Putin what you told me! Didn't break any rules?! Good job teaching our children that's all that matters! Just because there's a way to cause chaos in a town, or disrupt an entire country, doesn't mean you go and do it, does it?! If Mark Zuckerberg points a loaded cannon at someone's face,  are you innocent for just lighting the fuse?! Answer me! No! You don't go around making things up about people either! Unless it's about Mark Zuckerberg, because he deserves it!  Almost thought you guys were gonna bail on us.  Okay, Chip. You might need to ease up on that crack there, buddy.   Randy, can I talk to you? I've been doing a lot of thinking, Randy. About the past. About what we've done. I think it's time we come clean and tell everyone about the crack. And the spells against our wives. I have to admit what I've done wrong, Randy! I feel like everything's crashing down and I want Linda to hear it from me first. Was it? Or did we close our eyes to what Chip Duncan was becoming? I'm sorry, Randy. I have to clear my conscience. Yeah, sure.  I'm sorry. Guys? I'm here. Guys? What's this all about? Oh, hey. What are we meeting here for? What? What uh, What are you doing? Nooo!  Oh my God! I see what this is! This witch pursuit thing has you on a witch pursuit thing now!  I'm innocent. Please! Noho, don't you see?! They're just doing their own witch pursuit thingy now! This is madness!  "What's up, bros?" Chip, do you see all the chaos you've caused? Thanks for coming, everyone. I know you are all concerned as Sarah and I are about what's happening to our children. Hey! Get out of my bed! We just wanted you to come share your insights on Facebook! Yeah, I got a real cape this year. Check it out.  You know, just getting a bunch of shit for being witches. Hey, what the hell is this? Right. You don't have to worry about us, going around snatching children. Only the other witch does that.  It's too late, Stephen. We called the police. We know you took those children. Everyone will be stoked on us now. It's getting pretty hard to keep defending you. Maybe it's time we put our foot down. Well whattaya mean? He's great. We're doing great. A lot of people judge him and just see the negative. People don't know how great the President can be behind closed doors. They don't get to see all his good qualities. Oh. No, I-uh I tripped on a doorknob and uh that's just, that's doorknob cum. Okay, we're safe to talk. Sshh, keep your voices down! Look at this! The latest approval ratings. I've been researching our own independent poll. The President is tanking. These numbers are so low that we just might have an out. Well, don't you guys see what this means? It means that the swing voters are turning against him. It's those people that matter. Those are the ones who can finally turn this thing around! Nothing! Oh, you bitch!  I was the one who researched the poll, Mr. President! Congratulations, Mr. President. I just... can't believe that children in our town are dressing up in hero costumes and peeing in each other's mouths. Maybe we need to get our kids off of Facebook. I'm sick of getting out of the shower to find Mark Zuckerberg sitting on my toilet! Yeah, and I'm pretty sure his voice is dubbed and he does all his own sound effects. Hey look! The freaky costume kids are getting Zuckerberg! Get him, kids!  And I got the crack. Do you really think he'd come?  What's going on? Tolkien, he's freezing.  Come on in out of the snow. Don't you like it, Eric? I'm sorry your girlfriend broke up with you, Eric, but... maybe you'll get back together. I'm here about the job?  Whoa no, it's Coon and Friends!  It's gone. Like, somebody shut it down. Uh, alright, can everyone hear me in the back? Hm'kay, we're gonna get started here. I know you all have a lot of questions, so without further ado, let me introduce Mark Zuckerberg.  Thanks for coming, Mr. Zuckerberg. For those of you who don't know uh, could you tell us who you are? Okay, we'll let him speak and then we'll uh open the floor to some questions if there's time, thank you. Oh I'm sorry, but um, our hands are tied... by Heidi.   Whoa, whoa whoa, okay. Uhm'kay. Excuse me uh, I'm sorry, but uh, is anyone else hearing Hootie & The Blowfish like, very very softly? You wanted to see me, PC Principal? Well, she seems to be acclimating fine, ukay, the kids really respect her. What?? Are you out of your fuckin' mind?! Askin' if a coworker is available in today's times?! Oh boy, this is bad! This is real bad! Look, this is real fucking fire you're dealing with, uhkay?! I'm gonna get someone down here from HR! No! Human resources! The people that come in to make sure everything's kept on the level! We gotta get you back on track!  Uh m'kay. Mr. Mackey.  Good morning, uh, Miss Conduct. Yeah, yeah it was good. Oh, ah I'm very open and honest, I promise you that. Oh, I mostly use a semi-cognitive approach adapted by Kiezrick Solomon. Are you serious? Nobody I talked to has ever even heard of him! Well it's just such a na-natural approach, m'kay? When I read it, you know, first I was like "whoa, okay!" "This just really makes sense", you know? Mmmm'kay And then, you know, I was-I was looking to get away from the city.  I've never really been a city person.  I like hikin' around, bein' around in nature, m'kay. Well, you know, Mt. Evens is always nice.  I am the founder and chairman of Facebook. But I also have a shtoile that is completely unblockable. Thank you, right?  Alright, everyone here wants to see my shtoile. But first, what I'll need is a volunteer. Yes, you sir. You say these things like they are my fault, and yet they are not. Ha ha ha ha ha! Now I see you're trying to use your shtoile over mine. Now, you try to block me.  Yes, what is your question? I was invited here by people.  Ha ha ha, this puny refrigerator could not block me. What makes you think you can? So, where are we headed? Perhaps we should get some food. You call this a car? It wasn't even remotely able to block me. What is this car's shtoile? Ha ha ha ha. You say I am a penis and yet I am not a penis.  So, you are trying to block me, huh? That's fine. What's your shtoile? I was invited here. I am only making use of a bed for sleeping, yehhhs?  You should have worked with me when you had the chance. Now you lie over there, dead. Bwaaaaaa! So, this is the Coon and Friends that you have told me about.  I warn you, my fighting shtoile is unsurpassed. You want to get to Butters, riiight? You're gonna have to get through me, huuuh?! Simple. He paid me $17.23. Come on! What's your shtoile? So, you think you can block me. Ha ha ha! You cannot block me!   Ha ha ha, you saw me walk right through the police barricade and yet you think you can block me, riiight? Go ahead and try.  Ha ha ha ha ha!  Oh...  Hagh. Ow. I have never witness this shtoile before.  Rwaaaar! Ha ha ha, you tried to match my shtoile and failed! What what what what are you talking about? But, but hold on, that, that's not true. Noooooooo!  Mr. Zuckerberg, Facebook has become a tool for some to disrupt our country and our community. Well, you did create a platform with a monetary incentive for people to spread misinformation? Yeah. Because you victimize innocent people and poop in little girls' mouths. Facebook says it's true. But Facebook says it's true. AAAAH!  I don't even understand what that was about. It's Mark Zuckerberg. Netflix, you're greenlit. Who am I speaking with? Okay, great. Would you like a pilot or just go straight to an order of six episodes? Got it. Can you start shooting next month? Okay, sounds great, we'll send you the contracts. Oh, and uh, what's the show about? Coon and Friends? You mean, the kids I just read about in the news who stabbed Jessica Alba? Yeah, ah, dangit, we've never done this before, but I'm afraid I'm gonna have to pass on your show. Well then, you should have those things taken down. It can't be that hard. L-look, we'd love to approve your show, but you need to get those things cleared up first, okay? Thanks for calling.  Netflix, you're greenlit. Who am I speaking with? Got a show about transsexual dragons here. What the? Who are you? Hey that's my soup! I don't have a shtoile. I believe that's Mark Zuckerberg. Oh no! Alright, alright, everyone calm down! I can't hear over all of you.  Alright, everyone, I just want to know one thing. Who invited him here?  Huh? What's that? Uh huh, that's what I thought. You all brought Mark Zuckerberg into your lives and now you want the police to shoot him. Well that doesn't mean he's done anything illegal. Now, the police will help deal with Mark Zuckerberg, but we aren't going to shoot him. I'm sorry, that's just the way it is. You all should've thought harder about this before letting him into your lives. So you were there when the witch showed up and took your girlfriend. What was your girlfriend wearing? Whoa, whoa, not cool, Rick. Not cool.  Sorry folks, sorry. Everyone to Ross Dress For Less, now! It's over, Stotch. What have you done with the children? Is that all of them? Awwwwww! Here he comes...  Okay, Mr. Zuckerberg, that's gonna have to be it. Can't let you into town. Look, people don't want you here, okay? This is a quiet little town and- But there's plenty of other places you could go, sir. Can you please just-  Don't, don't do that, please. He walked though.  Aaaah! Huh? Hey. What? Huh? We can't. Something's wrong with Facebook. Nyet, ser.  Okay, okay, can everyone hear me?  Can't you tell? He's high on painkillers! All right, kids, uh, why don't we head back to the party and cut the cake? Hey.  Check.  I ah thanks... for'm celeb... Marcus's birthday.  Yes. Yehehehehes. I don't want cake! Who's gonna eat cake at a time like this?!  Students, faculty, and staff, today we are facing an epidemic of catastrophic proportions. I know I am not alone in mourning the loss of one of our greatest entertainers,  I understand that today they are performing Chuck E. Cheese's autopsy? As a concerned member of the public, I wish to be present. Then I shall wait here to learn the coroner's findings. What did you find, coroner? There is an epidemic in our community, sir. Some of us actually care to confront the problem! Now, dammit, what did you find? Hummels? In his rectal cavity, you say? And you do not find this out of the ordinary? Mmmm, a bit too common, don't you think? Hello, Mr. Marsh. I understand you've become quite the Hummel collector lately. What's the... fascination with Hummels? Ah! I see. So then you should be able to tell me what this Hummel is called! Come on! If you're a Hummel expert, then you should know its name! Wrong! It's called "Stormy Weather!" Do you know where it was found? It was found deep in the anus of one Chuck E. Cheese, the renowned entertainer beloved by millions! If you know something about the epidemic that is killing artists, you'd better cough it up! I became involved when Chuck E. Cheese collapsed like a rag doll before my very eyes! If you had any involvement, I will bring you down! Yes? Oh my God! Don't let anyone near Peppa Pig until I arrive!  My name is Marcus Preston. Can you understand me? Where did you get the drugs, Peppa? Was it from Stan Marsh?  Shh, Peppa. Focus. Soon you'll be in heaven jumping in all the puddles you can imagine. But first, you must tell me, where do the Hummels go, Peppa? Peppa, now! Why Hummels?! You've got to squeal! It's okay, she's with Chuck E. Cheese now. Hello, Mr. Marsh!  Oh, I bet you are! You, your grandpa, ALL the people here, are going to jail! I'm calling the police!  Oh, you're a fine one for speeches! When it comes to saving your own ass!  Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Marcus Preston. I have... some questions. What's wrong with him?  Another drug overdose? Prescription drugs, but with no prescription. Most likely from the prisons. Whenever there's a drug epidemic you can usually trace it back to people who've been... thrown away by society and forgotten about.  Most likely. Percolate and Oxycontin found wrapped in his cheesecloth. You guys know where all these illegal meds are coming from?  Can I help you?  What's the present? More Hummels? Why are senior citizens so infatuated with these little German statues? All right, go on, you got ten minutes.  Bring them in.  Can I help you? Didn't think we had anyone scheduled tonight. Are you with the Protestant youth group? Fine. Round them up, we got another kids choir!  Finally you're here to visit. Did you bring Grandpa a present? Awww, Merry Wanderer  These Hummels suck! It's okay, Billy. I'm just gonna need you to deliver another one of Ms. McGullicutty's crochet pillows. You don't understand how it works in here. Ms. McGullicutty is top bitch. You do what she says, or you pay the price.  Shhh, quiet. They'll hear you! What do you want me to do, Billy? You see Ms. McGullicutty over there?  Whoever has the best Hummel collection is top bitch in this place, and she's got the best. She's ruthless, and she has those old lady farts. You know old lady farts, right? Where they're so loose they don't even acknowledge they happened? Oh, Ms. McGullicutty. How are you feeling today? Oh, yeah, here, I I just got it, huh. Here you go.  That's my grandson, uh he he's worthless. I told you, she has all the pull in here. You go against what she says, you end up in solitaire. You finally come to visit and leave after 10 minutes?  Oh, Ms. McGullicutty, heh heh. How are you? I'm giving you Hummels. What's it matter where they came from?  Billy. What are you doin' here? Heh.  Billy, Mrs. McGullicutty's Hummel collection. You got it for me. Yeah. I just might be able to. I told you, Billy. These Hummels hold a special power with old people.  Go on, get out of here. Yeah. I think it will.   Now you know how we do shit in the nursing home. Thank you, Billy. Now if we could only take down the real douchebags who profit from all this. Oh, please, uh I don't want no trouble.  I'm sorry. I'll get better Hummels. Are you Stan Marsh? It's me, Swiper.  This is it. Ride Into Christmas, Limited Edition. Now give me the pillow. I have to get to a birthday party. All right, peace.  Oh, hello Mr. Marsh.  I'm doing very well.  Oh, you'd almost think you were trying to keep them from me.  Ohhh, and who's this little rascal?  How sweet.  No! No, please, uh I didn't do anything! Uh, I don't even know how to play solitaire. Please!  It's all right, Mr. Standish, you just need a little quiet time. There there, Ms. McGullicutty. Everything's gonna be all right.  Oh, the kids' party performer. Yeah. Uh, sorry, children aren't really allowed in autopsies. Toxicology reports show subject had massive amounts of opioids in system at time of death. Now proceeding.  Have these put in the garbage. Who is this? Nothing out of the ordinary. The subject died of a simple overdose. We found nothing else except for two Hummmels in the subject's rectal cavity. Not at all. We found Hummels in nearly all the birthday entertainers' anal cavities. It's very common in our overdose victims. Hey, we have this week's delivery of medications.   Ah, family. I remember when I was a little girl.   Back to our rooms. You kids are absolutely awful.   Whaaaat?!   You really thought stealing my Hummels would make you the head bitch in this place?!  Aaah!  You get your paws off of me, young man!  No!  We're at Mimi Thompson's party. Peppa Pig just collapsed on stage.  Why not? Eric Cartman's a horrible person. Yeah, no kidding. We seriously thought you might marry that piece of shit!   Yo man, whatchoo talkin' about? Get me a fuckin' ambulance! Old people. Old people... love... Hummels.  All right, let us through. Get away, kids. Come on, let's go. Children's choir in the commons. Darlin' children are gonna sing for you! Move your asses!  Aw dammit. Shit. Aw, not again. <poem><i>Insane in the membrane.</i></poem> <poem><i>Crazy insane, got no brain.</i></poem> <poem><i>to the yard, and they're like [Butters sticks his finger into his mouth and pops it out] it's better than yours.</i></poem> <poem><i>[Butters sticks his finger into his mouth and pops it out] it's better than yours.</i></poem> <poem><i>In the cool, cool winter.</i></poem> <poem><i>Want to call me baby</i></poem> You suck!  Fuck you! What time are the other guys gettin' there? Kevin said he's bringing it.  It's like a witch pursuit thingy. Oh my God. Right. Right right right.  What'd you do with the children? Everyone just said sundown, which should be soon. <poem><i>I want candy.</i></poem> Lookin' good, Ryan. Alright, Randy's got the JD! Sup, Stephen, Chip. Everybody up the hill!  Hey Randy. It's a witch chase and shoot 'em up. Yes they are, boys! And next they'll be coming after you! 'Cause you're all little sons a witches! Well, we did it, guys. <poem><i>I want candy.</i></poem> Just ready to party farty, witches.   I mean it! I got this spell book last month. Got it in Salem, Massachusetts. They say it's real. Like from the Devil himself. You guys wanna try it? Arkna. Peduum. Uthnod boral. Uthnod boral! Uthnod alvernderaal! Wickus!  Stayfalls-wuh. Uh. Ach. Oh, it burns! I'll kill you all! Kill you all!   Well, well. What have we here?  Hey, what's up, bros? Yeah, so? I'm a witch. Of course they do. You're all witches too, dudes! They're all in here! See?  I'm going to use their souls to increase my power! Oh, give me a break, Randy. Like if one of you guys had the power I have, you wouldn't use it. Oh, hey man!  I grow more powerful every moment! Thanks for taking the kids out tonight, Ms. Cartman. Heidi's been looking forward to it. Cheese. Have we already done a search of this area? Maybe she went there with her boyfriend! Ohoh, don't you look cute, Heidi. Put a spell on our bosses. Put a spell on our wives. A hex on the Patriots. Let's fuck up their lives! Yeah!  Yeah. <poem><i>Let's not turn this into a witch pursuit thing.</i></poem> Party's back on! We did it, guys! Oh boy! What a great time that was. Thanks for coming, kids.  Oh, you just getting here? Okay uh, go on in, I suppose. Petting zoo's closed, and I think they stopped the churro machine. Yeah. You can still maybe do the bouncy house. Get out! Everyone out! There's a witch!  Students and parents, I know that you are all concerned about the witch who is preying upon our town, and I wanna speak to you all about how to try and protect yourselves. But first, some gentlemen have asked to speak on what they perceive to be a  All right, people. People, please! We need everyone to try and stay calm. Look, we all want the President out of here. It's just a matter of how we do it. I know you all want to get rid of him. Listen, everyone. I have a team right now that's trying to locate the President, and I'd like you to hear from Officer Bright, who's leading the search. [the officer adjusts his pants and walks up to the podium] Don't tell me you haven't gotten the President out of here. What? Why are you here talking to me instead of trying to find the President? A fox trap?  Mr. President, you have an urgent call from a Butters Stotch?  This is the President. Oh, it's fine. You know, just makin' the country great again. I got rid of like, six of 'em so far. You know, it's a little harder than I thought. Don't be a dick, Butters. Are you just callin' to shit on my Halloween? Yeah, it was my favorite time of year. Now I just have to celebrate it alone. Lemme guess: Chip Duncan. Oh, that guy was always such a douche. Comin' after all witches? Oh, Jeez... Excuse me.  You're ruining the party for everyone, Chip! I'm here to take you out! You wanna see real power?  Everybody follow me! I've got tons of Jack, tons of crack, and a jet!  Uh huh. Yeah, I understand that, faggot. And you should understand how my balls are gonna taste when your country starts needing money. I don't give two shits about a treaty. You're a Polish midget.  Hoh, don't tell me people are still made about that n*gger thing. Oh, aren't we fancy. Okay, I don't want a bunch of  Nigers in Africa aiding terrorists. Raped and executed? Oh, you mean fucked to death? Oh yeah, that was me. My oath to the office was that I would fuck everyone to death, remember?  and you guys just get out there and put a positive spin on this whole thing. Oooo.  Hope you brought some condoms.  What are you guys talkin' about? Just having' a little chat or somethin'? Let me see that.  Huh. Isn't that interesting? But it's not a problem. See, I know something about societal psychology that you three turd balls don't. Everything's gonna be fine. Oh, I don't think so.  Look, I'm President of the United States. I can't get involved in every petty little protest against a third-world country. Are you threatening us, you beady-eyed Canuck? Then I guess both our countries better be prepared. Yeah, listen, this thing's kind of escalating. You people need to call it quits. What exactly do you want? Jeez, I got a little chub. Hey! How are my approval ratings?! [Crystal runs back to bed] Hey! How are my approval ratings? Wait, come back! What's wrong? Oh, Fox News... They'll listen to me. They'll get my side of the story right! What? Oh, thank God for the Whites. I'm seriously dehydrated and starving. I'm pretty sick of this shit, so you better... Aah! [Muffled] That's true! And you didn't stop at all to think that what you were doing might attract a witch? No, I'm just saying that if there's a big fat witch around, maybe you shouldn't walk around in the woods dressed as Hansel and Gretel. Detective! Detective! Call just came in. The witch has been spotted at Ross Dress For Less.  Daddy, help! Mommy, help! Ahh! Awww.  Look! Another witch is flying down now!   Mommy! Daddy!  There's one more little girl. Come on out, little girl. Com- come on, little girl. Everyone's waitin' on ya. Mr. President, we have a problem. People are pretty upset. It's pronounced Niger, Mr. President. And it's a country in Africa. Mr. President, you need to be a little more careful. There's an investigation. A worker with ties to Russia was found raped and executed. Mr. President, people are starting to question your oath to the office. How are we supposed to put a positive spin on it? I don't know anything, I'm just a turtle. And then we don't have to get killed! We can't let the President know about this. just let him-  No, nope! Cha cha cha. Cha cha cha. Looks like many more years of the same are to come. Ooo, I 'member. Me too, I 'member. I 'member that. What do you want, Kyle? Is it just me, or are things around here getting worse and worse? People change. They say you become more and more like the person you're with, and I guess it's true with Heidi. Heidi, are you okay? It's just... you look... Ngh, you know, y-you just look- It's... not exactly like being a slave, Heidi.  Just don't even respond to her. Just ignore her. Watching Heidi get her bitch-ass kicked! Why do you care? Do you like Heidi? Nothing. Oh, cool. Oh my God, he so likes Heidi. Guys, I just wanna say, here's to Heidi. Welcome back to the land of the living. You make a mistake on your homework. What Heidi did was more like a momentary loss of all sanity.  What keeps driving her back to him? It's so weird. She's just concerned, Heidi. God, will you stop?! My family doesn't live in a trailer. We live in a tiny home. My parents downsized to make a smaller footprint on the environment. There's lots of progressive people living in tiny homes. There's five others on my block.  A-hi don't live in a trailer park! It's not a trailer! Some concern over the President's competency again today. It was during a Middle East peace conference when the President referred to the people of Saudi Arabia as a bunch of "dirty sand Nigers". Though the comments seem divisive, Speaker of the House, Paul Ryan, says he's sticking by his President 100%.  Speaker Ryan, it's the anniversary of the President being elected. How do you think he's doing? Uh huh. And is that semen on your black eye? And the latest reports are now saying that over a million Canadians were killed in the nuclear blast. The bomb dropped by the U.S. President took out the entire city of Toronto, and fallout is expected to kill thousands more in the coming days. [A moment of silence follows, and Ike appears at Kyle's door.] It's not safe! Nowhere is safe, don't you understand?! We're all about to get killed! What are all these numbers? No, nothing, Mr. President.  It's an opinion poll, Mr. President. Your numbers are down and I wanted to show you so you could do something. Yay Heidi! No worries. We're just glad you finally came to your senses. Uhh, yeah, like what? Racism? Can you imagine? Eric Cartman's breath on your mouth? Or the sociopath part? Don't worry, Heidi. We're not gonna keep telling you we told you so. The only thing I wanna know is... how did you bring yourself to actually KISS him? Yeah. I mean, no offense, Heidi, but what the fuck were you thinking?  Heidi, come here. I want to kiss you with my tongue! She's so... mean and angry these days.  Hey, Heidi. She wasn't talking to you, Heidi. Eewwww! Ew, ugh!  Ew, ugh!  <poem><i>Happy anniversary to you.</i></poem> <poem><i>Happy anniversary to you.</i></poem> It's time for the Special Ed Science Fair.  Nathan! Mimallah! Yuh, you've gotta get to Special Ed! Nono, you've gotta see this! Jimmy and Timmy's water bears! They've changed! For our science fait project, we will be showing the destructive force of nature by simulating a volcano! With vinegar and baking soda, we will make this paper-mch volcano EXPLODE. With the power and fury of Mount Kilauea. Our science fair project is sure to be... a blast. Get it? A. Blast. We've done it, Mimsy. We're gonna win the science fair for sure. And then, every chick in this school is gonna wanna have sex with us.  Not those chicks, numbskull. I'm talkin' 'bout bitches. You know what girls like? They like winners. And when we win the science fair, we're gonna be up to our ears in pussy. Well hello, gentlemen. Thought we'd stop by to see how your- science fair project is going.  So what are you guys workin' on? Oh. Water bears.   What? Uh what are you talking about? What-? How-?  Where the fuck did you learn about these things? Well, not really, because the science fair is supposed to be an experiment. I fail to see what the experiment is here.  Shhh, shut the fuck up!  Mimsy, do you know what Jimmy is? He's a cock blocker. Every time I come up with a way to score with the ladies, there's Jimmy tryin' to one-up me. This science fair is supposed to finally make us successful enough to get chicks. ...  Well hello there, ladies. We just wanted to remind you  that this weekend is the Special Ed Science Fair. Yeah, that's right. Pretty soon you'll all be impressed with what you see. Hope you can make it.  Did you see that, Mimsy? The way those girls bit their bottom lips when I said "science fair"? We're about to be drowning in muff. Special Ed class isn't for another two hours. What? What's goin' on?  What social advancement? The hokey pokey?  You've gotta be fucking kidding me. Gentlemen, perhaps I can interest you in a lava volcano. You won't believe your eyes when I add some simple baking soda. This is bullshit! The Special Ed Science Fair is turning into a lovefest for Jimmy and Timmy's project! They're gonna get all the fame and glory!  Mimsy and I did some experimenting with the water bears on our own. It was us who made them evolve, so we should be the ones working for the government. Ahhh, Iii see the box.  What, what's in the box? Uhhh, they're just walkin' around and ubb, oh wait! They appear to be interested in the box. Oh! Uh okay, Jesus Christ! Hey, uh wait a minute! The water bears have changed again. I think it's working. Wha-ah? Don't listen to them. Give the water bears to me. I deserve all the fame and bitches. Ooooooh. Aaaaaaa. Uh, gee boss, I don't know about sex with no chicken. Dah I thought we was comin' to rub their faces in how good our science fair project was, boss. Aw jeez, that sounds a lot better than a lava volcano, huh boss? Okay Nathan.  Gee, we could get in a lot of trouble. Ya, you sure we should mess with Jimmy and Timmy's science fair project? Eh what's a cock blocker? D'aw, gee, I don't know if we should use our position of power to exploit women. But they're supposed to be dead.  D'aw, I guess we kind of shot ourselves in the foot, huh boss? If it weren't for us, those water bears wouldn't have even gotten smarter in the first place. We was tryin' to kill 'em.  It's definitely not just you. I think everyone's in shock that Heidi went back to Cartman. Timmih! Timmah. Octonauts! Come in. Oh yes, Heidi, uh, we just wanted to see if you have transportation to the Special Ed Science Fair this weekend, or if you wanted us to set somethin' up for you. ...Uh, Saturday is the science fair, and, you're the judge for the competition? Well, Heidi, is there a problem with you bein' the judge this weekend? But you're always the judge of the Special Ed Science Fair because you're our best science student. But... Okay, you see, the problem is that you volunteered last month, Heidi. You said you wanted to do it, m'kay? Look, the kids have worked really hard and have done some amazing projects. Heidi, eh... is everything all right? Heidi, you're judging the Special Ed Science Fair this weekend.  She's... kind of like Cartman, but with the ability to follow through. Oh, hi Nathan. Shut up, Kyle!   Move. Move aside, kids. Official business! We understand that you're about to have a science fair with some very interesting experiments. We're here to help however we can. Your special ed department has all our resources and all our support. This science fair... just might be what saves us all. Good. Bring it on in. These kids need to have access to everything they need. That's correct.  Are these the special water bears that we read about on your school message board? Then they are the key to our survival, boys.  There's no time for that! We need everyone working on Jimmy and Timmy's project. I'm gonna let you kids all in on a little secret. We don't wanna create a panic, but... the End is very near. And we have very little time. The government? Wuh we aren't the government. Not you, us. We're with... the NFL. Our fans are leaving at an exponential rate. We've been hit with anthem protests, protests of those protests, and worst of all, concussions. The more reports that come out, the more people are getting turned off by football. We've been experimenting with water bears because... we believe they are our last hope. No. We've been experimenting with water bears to try and make them... FANS. We're running out of time. We have to see if these water bears truly are different. Insert the box.  What are the water bears doing? These water bears are different.  You can't cancel the science fair. We're on the verge of a breakthrough here. You don't understand! The Special Ed Science Fair is our only hope! I think you all fail to see the seriousness of our situation! Football is dying!  will stop this Special Ed Science Fair! Let me see that!  Little girl, stop!  It doesn't have to end this way. Little girl, please! What you have in your hand is very special. Think about the NFL. How much joy it brings to everyone! Look, if you- if you don't do it for the NFL, what about humanity? Those creatures are showing the first signs of sentience. Think about what they could mean for science. For medicine. Making people better. I'm afraid, Commissioner, that the Special Ed Science Fair failed to produce more viable water bears. Not quite.  Move it, children.  A beautiful night for football here in Los Angeles as the Chargers take on the Buffalo Bills. The NFL, of course, working really hard to reach new viewers, and it looks like they found their answer in tardigrades. And we're ready for kickoff as the cheers of 17 million fans rock the stadium!  And a record sellout crowd here at the stadium. Football clearly more popular than over with a whopping 17 million in attendance.   What? Cancelling?  Do what he says! We got the fat girl, front of the school. The water bears! NOOOO!  Hohall right, kids. Now let's do the hokey pokey.  Well, did you have any luck, Mr. Jones? Then the NFL truly has no hope. We're done for. Ooohhhh! Welcome to Netflix.  Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Classic stuff. Now go ahead and pitch what you're thinking for your Netflix original series. Well, we were thinkin' that we'd do a show where Phillip and I are on a farm... with a cow.  The sun is just starting to come up and then... I fart on Phillip. I don't know, Phillip. What?  Si, mi amigo.  Are you selling girl scout cookies? Didn't think I'd live long enough to see this all happen again.  Okay, I love it so far. And it's like a back and forth kind of thing? It's sort of like a-? On you. Got it! Welcome to Netflix, you sons of bitches. YEAH!  And I say, "Terrance, you farted," and I fart on Terrance.  It's like a back and forth kind of thing. I fart on him, he farts on... No! On the cow.  Hey Terrance, what did the black lawyer say to the Muslim priest? Well hello there, little girl. Alright, you asked for it.  Oh! Oh, I think I shit my pants. Hooray! Thank you, PC Principal. Alright everyone, listen up. I'm the new vice principal of this school. My name is Strong Woman. I've already spent a few days here at the school watching and observing and we definitely have things we can all be working on.  You really think I couldn't have handled that? Myself? You really had to grab the mic out of my hand like that? I want the girls here at this school to know that they can talk to me about anything, but I also want the boys to know what I'm looking for is a better place for everybody.  Turning this school around is going to take work from everyone.  Sorry, am I not doing this correctly? You felt it wasn't strong enough? Me just saying it?  I'm looking forward to being your vice principal, and I'm looking forward to turning this school around. I'm not finished! Thanks everyone. Alright, listen up.  I fully appreciate that some of you might be uncomfortable with me being here. Earlier today, I noticed that some faculty weren't sure whether to call me "Miss Woman" or just "Strong." If I were a man, you'd probably address me as Vice Principal Woman, so why should it be any different, huh? We good? So I've been getting to know some of the students here and I'm definitely hearing a lot of frustration and confusion over issues that all the schools are facing right now. I also spent some time observing in the cafeteria and was pretty shocked by the abusive and intolerant language.   It's, it's coming from over here somewhere. You may enter.  Yes?  What can I do for you? Please, by all means.  You want to blame farts? That seems kind of ridiculous, doesn't it? I mean, it's a slippery slope when we start pointing the finger at our own shortcomings. Kind of sounds like something my mother would say, actually. What the hell is that? Let's go! Everyone to the gymnasium now! I'm coming too. I'm your vice principal. What's wrong? Okay? What? What? Yes, there is. Why do you need to open the door? Somebody's gonna have to open the door, or we could die out here. Mr. White, we assure you that we run this school in a very [glances at PC Principal] professional manner and don't let [glances again] personal emotions get in the way. [glances again. He looks back, and their eyes are locked]  Uh, no. Mr. and Mrs. White, we promise that we will not let anything happen that might bring the integrity of this school into question. We have a reservation. Woman. [Takes a deep breath] Strong. We can't keep doing this. People are gonna see through it. Nobody will understand. Oh my God! I told you we couldn't hide. It's the Terrance & Phillip Sho-o-ow. On Netflix.   Hola. Would you like to buy some chimichangas? Yeah, yeah, I hear it. Therefore what God hath joined together let no man  That's it. That's it, Kyle.  Is Canada a bad influence on the United States? A group of young people called "Millennials Against Canada" thinks so, and we are joined by their leader, Kyle Broflovski. Young man, you say Canada is to blame for most of our problems. To respond to this we're now joined by the Canadian Minister of Streaming. Minister, how do you answer to these angry millennials? More and more millennials are turning into Jewish mothers today as they demand the censorship of entertainment. The protesters say they're not giving up and are demanding to speak with the President of the United States. Thanks for having me, buddeh. Well, they're pissed off because their country sucks, so they wanna point the finger at us. So you thought it was funny, but now it's not funny? Oh, so you want to censor it. Uh huh, you sound like a Jewish mother. Now I resent that! I find that racist- You are a racist, fwiend, and if you have a problem with Canada, maybe you should speak to your backwards President! 'Kay, go ahead! Oh, sure you do! Just like all Jewish moms, 'cause you don't understand how- Can I finish?! That's not a- Can I finish, please?! Please, can I finish?!  Alright, I'm finished. Mr. President! You need to do something about your millennials! Terrance & Phillip are Canada's largest export! They account for 80% of our gross national product! If your citizens mess with them, they mess with all of us! Third-world country?!  Now you listen here, Mr. Buddeh! Either you stop the embargo on The Terrance & Phillip Show, or we'll bring in our own troops to stop it ourselves! I'm simply telling you that Canada will do what it must to protect itself! Hello, everyone, my name is Miss Conduct. I'm hear to talk about making sure we avoid any trouble at this school. M'alright? M'alright. Now, by a show of hands, who's ever had inappropriate feelings for a coworker?  M'alright, so now everyone, we're gonna do some role-playing, m'alright? Talk about appropriate ways we can talk in the workplace. Can I, can I get a volunteer to role-play with me? M'alright?  How about you, Mr. uh...  M'alright, come on up here.  Oh, Mr. Mackey. Good mornin'! Now, did you have a nice night? M'alright. Okay. Uh good luck today, and I hope that our workin' relationship can continue to be honest and straightforward. I can see that. You got very honest eyes, m'alright.  So, uh, Mr. Mackey, what methods do you use for counseling the students? Wow, you studied Solomon? He was actually my thesis in college. No! Same here! What made you attracted to his work? M'alright, m'alright. M'alright.  Well, m'alright. M'alright.  M'alright, m'alright, I definitely get that, m'alright. No, I agree, I agree, the city's bad. I love hikin' too. What are some of your favorite places?  Well yes I am. How about a Snickerdoodle?  Here you go. Call is coming in on your phone. It's the President. He wants to talk to you.   What do you want me to do?  There's some kind of... military alert going out.  It's the National Guard. Mommy! Momm-mmy! [her bedroom door opens and her parents walk in. Her dad flicks on the lights] He's gonna get me! The President! I saw him! He's gonna get me! But I saw him! But Daddy, he's getting- Oh-kaaay? Honey, honey, who's gonna get you? Crystal, the President isn't going to get you. [to his wife] See what I told you? It's that liberal school she's going to, filling her head with all kinds of garbage! Sweetie, the President is doing the best job he can. Your liberal school is just trying to convince you he's dangerous. Uh uh, no buts! The President is in the White House, not here trying to get you. Okay? All right. [he and Mom walk out the door, and he tells Mom] We're having a talk with that school in the morning! [turns to Crystal] Good night, honey. [turns off the lights, and the couple goes to their room. Thunder and lightning get Crystal out of bed and she goes to her window. She sees a shadow on the walkway outside. When lightning flashes, she sees it's indeed the President.] What I wanna know is, what gives you the right to preach your political views to my children?! Our daughter woke up with nightmares that the President was going to get her! Just because two liberals happen to be principal and vice principal doesn't mean you can brainwash my kids! It's White. Bob White. You probably never even heard of our family, huh? Well, the Whites have been here since the beginning! Not that it matters, 'cause no one cares about the Whites. Sure, everyone else has problems, but does anyone ask the Whites how they're doing?! Oh, sure you don't! You know how hard I had to fight to even get this meeting with you?! "Oh, who wants to talk to the administration? Oh, it's just the Whites? Oh, who cares about the Whites? They're fine!" Well, we've just about had with you, you understand? [a song plays that drowns out Mr. White's rant: Barbara Mandrell - "(If Loving You Is Wrong) I Don't Want To Be Right"] And damn it, we won't be ignored! Guess that's all the Whites can hope for these days. That's not true! The Whites still support the President You think Hillary would have been any better?! [Sits down] I'm just sayin', I'm just sayin' Aah! No, I was just, uh, taking these sandwiches to the trash. We didn't all agree! ''You'' all agreed! Nobody asked the Whites how they felt! Nobody cares what the Whites have to say! In 2003, Hillary Clinton admitted to taking funds for her foundation from foreign diplomats! It's fucking true! Hillary wouldn't have been any better. Fine! Go ahead and take the White's sandwiches! They've taken everything else! [He whistles the bird call of the bobwhite quail to get Garrison's attention] It's a trap! It's a Fox trap, Mr. President! Who would want to put their penis in a co-worker?! [Gags then vomits. Everyone else starts doing the same] Get back! Everyone back! Do it now! Get over here, family! You wanna know where there's a war?! There's a war on Christmas! Nobody cares about that! 'Cos guess who loves Christmas? The Whites! At least this man's trying to save Christmas! [Sighs, sobs] [hearing the song somehow] I'm sorry, is anyone else hearing "(If Loving You Is Wrong) I Don't Want To Be Right" very very quietly? Still no word from the President, as his Splatty Tomato approval rating drops to an unprecedented 3%. This puts the President four points below Nut Job 2: Nutty By Nature. Meanwhile, the Canadian Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau called upon Canadians to stand strong. [stands behind a tattered podium with a Canadian flag on it.] Make no mistake, America! If you do not hand over your President, there will be war the likes of which you have never seen! Canadians will rise together! I call on all Canadians here and abroad to stand with their country! The U.S. President must answer for his crime, and only Canada can bring him to justice! [Trudeau himself was bombed, as he is charred and tattered as well. Ike, having seen the broadcast, gets angry and walks off] How can we stay calm while the President's out there scaring our children?! Hey folks, we know you're all uh concerned, but I wanna assure you that we're doing everything we can to track the President down and have him safely removed. Since the President was given a Splatty Tomato he's become very desperate and very dangerous. If you see the President, do not approach him. Do not try to reason with him. Most importantly, remember that this is the President, so you cannot shoot him. All right? You can't even talk about shooting him. Don't even... do any coy, satirical takes on shooting him. [the room stays silent] Okay, good. What we're trying to do here is just get the President to go away. We're gonna be handing out padlocks like this one [lifts one up for display] so everyone can lock up their garbage. If we don't feed the President, hopefully he'll just move on. Are there any questions? No, no, no. It's just best to avoid that kind of talk altogether. Remember, they can do to you what they did to Kathy Griffin. That's right, so best thing is just lock up your garbage and see if we can get the President to... go away. We haven't gotten the president out of here. And there's some worse news. A bunch of kids have gone missing. I think we have to assume that the President has... eaten them. [Mrs Tweak starts crying] Don't worry, we're close. He's out in the woods somewhere. And we've set up a fox trap. We found his hideout. There. Someone's gotta go flush him out. I'll be ready to trap him. Hey, hey! Just remember he's been eating animals and living like a monster. Just... prepare yourself for what you're about to see. Hey, what the hell's going on?! It's the President! [People begin to cheer] We got him. We got the son of a bitch. [Bob White walks over and grabs Officer Bright's gun] He broke free! He'll be even more desperate now. It's going to get worse. Can we talk about a friend shooting him if it's in sort of a sarcastic way? Hello, joining us for lunch today? Okay, last name? First name? Oh, yes, Strong Woman, here we are. We have a nice booth set up for you. Randy! Randy! They got him! They found the President! The President is on the loose again. Who's together? They can't be together! They're co-workers! Wait, wait. You mean he's actually her superior and they were in there... [Gags, then vomits] She would have called by now. I just talked to the McCormicks. They haven't seen Tweek or Craig since yesterday. Ike! Kyle! 