Yeah, hippies and terrorists are the same thing.  Yeah, we want our money back! You asshole!  Yeah! We can form a club that takes food stamps from poor people and then sells them back to the government for a profit. Tweek, now Goddamnit, we picked you to be our new friend to replace Kenny because we ''thought'' you were a team player! Now, either you stop with these faggotronics or we'll find someone to replace YOU! Dude, that sign sucks! Nobody's gonna show up! Look at it, dude. You're not offering any fabulous prizes. You have to offer fabulous prizes if you want people to show up for your stupid crap. Here.  Yeah, if you offer free hats, m-maybe people will show up. Well we can just make them out of paper. It's not hard, it's just a stupid little paper hat. People just need free stuff - don't you guys know anything?!  TWEEK!! How many hats have you made? We only have until 10 a.m. tomorrow!  Get the lead out! They're gonna kick your ass, Tweek!  I told you guys: never underestimate the power of a free hat.  Yes, we apologize, but our friend Tweek here didn't make enough of them. But just remember that I do all the talking. Because I'm the official spokesman. I got dibs on it. Just now -  What could possibly go wrong?   Yeah, we're children. Yeah, these guys are only motivated by money, Ted. Think about it. Spielberg? Jew. Lucas? Jew. Kyle? Jew. Coincidence? Thank you.  Our intelligence tells us that the original negative to ''Raiders of the Lost Ark'' is currently somewhere in George Lucas's house. We need to find and usurp that negative. He... killed... twenty-three babies in self-defense?  Okay, Tweek, let me tell you something: You've been our new friend now for two weeks, okay? And I've gotta be honest with you, it isn't going well. People aren't that into you, Tweek. They find you kind of annoying. Now, I say you've got one last shot here, and I don't want you to blow it, okay? Does that help take the stress off?  Alriiight! Get it, Tweek! Get it, you piece of crap, before I grab your nutsack and twist it! Alright, you asked for it. I'm afraid you leave us no choice. It's time for Plan B.  Hit it, Tweek! ''[Tweek goes over to a boombox and presses the play button, then returns to the group. Caribbean music plays] In the tropical isles with the coconut trees, there's a lots of-'' ...No, he has an icy heart. It's a ''cool'' island song. Oh, do we wanna do that? Wow. AY! Man, that new version must have sucked balls. That and youth. Those guys are old. 