How do we uh, make it come out? Can I see this thing, ''please''? It, it's sending a transmission of some kind.  Whoever they are, if they're receiving messages, they might be sending them, too. Wait a minute. c-candy bars. You-you know. Candy bars. They usually come in a wrapper. Just like you... wrap a Christmas present. Christmas happens when it's cold. Cold, as in Alaska - that's... with polar bears. Polar bears... polar-- polarity! I can ''switch'' the polarity to see what transmissions are coming from the location this one is being sent to!  What??  Oh no! When I reversed the polarities, I found this:  It's a message that the aliens are broadcasting throughout the entire universe. But I have no idea what it says.  Wait a minute! Butt sex! Butt sex requires a lot of lubrication, right? Lubrication. Lubruh... Chupuh-- Chupacabra's the, the goat killer of Mexican folklore. Folklore is stories from the past that are often fictionalized. Fictionalized to heighten drama. Drama students! Students at colleges usually have bicycles! Bi, bian, binary. It's binary code!  Ladies and Gentlemen, we have recently come across an alien transmission that is being beamed throughout the entire universe.  It's a simple mathematical language that can be understood throughout the solar system. Translated into our language, it looks like this.  I'm afraid that Earth, a-all of Earth, is nothing but an intergalactic reality-TV show. Waaaait, you don't understand! There's a huge ship of some kind in Earth's orbit!  But why? Wait a minute! Chaos theory! Chaos theory, it was, it was first thought of in the sixties. Sixty. That's the number of episodes they made of ''Punky Brewster'' before it was canceled. Cancelled... Don't you see? The show is over! The aliens are canceling ''Earth''!  Wait a minute, jackets! If people don't wear jackets they could get cold. A cold is caused by a virus. A virus- a computer virus! We could make a computer virus and send it to their ships to disable their computers! 