Four young boys in Colorado are on a trip from hell.  Trapped in an unforgiving mountain wilderness with no way out.  The fourth graders are in a nightmare they cannot escape. For four elementary school boys. an ordinary day becomes a descent into madness on tonight's episode of "I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining". It's the last day of Spring break,  For ten year old Stan Marsh and his friends Kyle, Eric, and Kenny, the last day has come too soon. Within thirty minutes, the boys are getting a ride to the ziplining outfitters from Stan's uncle Jimbo.  It's the idyllic spring break getaway with friends and laughter.  The boys have just made a sobering discovery.  But, in a tour group, the brain has to work overtime, acting nice and pretending to care about people on the tour. Inside Kyle's mouth, the muscles contract to force a smile, even though in his brain, Kyle is thinking, "Dude, fuck you!" The boys think their ordeal is over, but what they don't realize is that things are about to go from bad to worse. It's a devastating blow. For Kyle, it's almost too much to bear.   It's almost three o'clock, and the boys are still on the shuttle. But what the boys don't realize is that a massie storm is brewing.  After a grueling twenty minutes, waiting for everyone else to ride the zipline, the boys relaize they have just wasted hours of their time. And that, is when the unthinkable happens. The boys realize that their ziplining nightmare has only just begun.  Four young boys in Colorado are on a trip from hell. Trapped in an unforgiving mountain wilderness with a tour group. The fourth graders are in a nightmare they cannot escape. But what the boys don't realize is that Eric's body is already shutting down from stage 4 diarrhea.  Eric Cartman is a ticking time bomb. Four young boys in Colorado are on a trip from hell. Trapped in a tour group on horsback that is only allowed to travel four miles an hour.  An attempt to make a bad day better becomes a descent into madness on... "I Should Have Never Thought Horseback Riding Would Be Any Better Than Ziplining" Four young boys in Colorado are on a trip from hell.  The fourth graders are in a nightmare they cannot escape. For four elementary school boys, an alrady tragic day becomes a descent into madness on... "I Should Have Never Got On A Goddamn Boat"  After cleaning Cartman's diarrhea and fighting off beavers, the boys have made a terrifying discovery: that boating is just as boring as ziplining. If the boys fall asleep now, from the lack of excitement, they could die.  Four young boys in Colorado are on a trip from hell.  Kenny McCormick has died of boredom. But then, miraculously, the boys' prayers are finally answered.  After nearly four hours in the Colorado wilderness, the boys are finally going home. From the boat, the boys were airlifted aboard Mr. Hankey's magical helicrapter.   he refused to let the tragedy stop him from doing what he loves most. In just two weeks, he was back to drinking Diet Double Dew, defiant to dew the math. 