Yeah, and they said the weather's gonna be nice like this all day. Aww! Not those guys again!  God! Shut up! God damn it God damn it! All right, thanks for coming, everyone. As you all know, the Harley problem seems to be getting worse, and nobody is willing to do anything about it. Now, we have some ideas, and we'd love to hear your ideas, and I think together we can-  ...and I think that together we can come up with a way to get rid of these fags once and for all. ...That makes perfect sense, Butters. Yes, now get out of here. Alright, Kyle and I are gonna spray paint messages to the Harley riders; Cartman, you said you had an idea?  Oh that's good. But that's a lot of seats? How are you going to pull that off? Clyde, can you take care of getting KFC for Cartman? Kyle and I will get the spray paint cans. If we do this right, we'll be doing the town a huge favor, so let's get to it! Really nice work, guys. Yeah, we did that! Gay people? Dude, why would we want gay people to get out of town? Aw crap! Yeah, a lot of fags aren't gay. Do you ride a big loud Harley and go up and down the streets, ruining everyone's nice time? Then you're not a fag. I don't know. All right, look, you're driving in your car, okay? And you're waiting to make a left at a traffic signal. The light turns yellow, should be your turn to go, but the traffic coming at you just keeps coming. And even when the light turns red, a guy in a BMW runs the red light so you can't make your left turn. What goes through your mind? Right. But you're not thinkin' "Oh, he's a homosexual," you're thinkin' "Oh, he's an inconsiderate douchebag like a Harley rider." "Bike-curious"! Don't you people keep up with today's lingo at all?! Isn't this awesome, you guys? I haven't seen a Harley for like three days. Aw crap!  We can fix this! That, that lady said it's because fag still means homosexual in the dictionary. So we just have to convince the dictionary people to change the definition. Ohh, it all makes sense now.  There's fags everywhere!  Yeah yeah, that's totally what a fag does. But then why are you acting like such fags? I don't understand. ...And that, Mister Editor, is why they are the true definition of fags. We did it! Yeah! Today, we've made history. 