This is gonna be sooo awesome dude. I haven't been to the water park in like, over a year. No! Dude, we gotta go to the wave pool first. It's so dope, as long as there aren't any minorities. You know, there's always like five or six minorities wearing their T-shirts in the wave pool, pisses me off. Come on, let's go!  Six adorable children, please. Wave pool! Wave pool! Waaave pooool!   Just do it in English!  You guys! You guys, we have got problems of Biblical proportions! I've been counting. Do you know there are two hundred and five Mexicans here? And there are a hundred and ninety black people! So?! Guess how many white people are at the water park today? One hundred and forty-three! There are actually more minorities here than us! ...What do you mean? The black and brown people. Do I look like a minority to you, stupid?! Now look guys, I did some calculations: just last year, there were almost ninety percent normal people to minorities. That's a fifty percent rise in one, year! Because it's important! A fifty percent rise each year means that in three years the world will be only... minorities. That's 2012! The Mayans predicted this! The Mayans! They knew that minorities would take over the world by the year 2012! And now it's happening! You guys! You guys have to do something to stop this! Come on!  Well, looks like at least ''you'''ve got some sense left in you, Kyle. So what are we gonna do to keep the Mayan's prediction from coming true, buddy? Help! Help! Yes! Yes help me! Yes, help me I'm just a little boy! You have to help me!  Haa-aa. Yes, thank you.  It has been many, many hours since the Apocalypse, and all I keep thinking is "Why me? Why am I the only one of my race God chose to survive in this minority-run world?" When the smoke has cleared I'm sure the minorities will start rebuilding, building the world... in their way. I can see it now. Nooo...  I read ''Treasure Island'', because I was so happy when I saw that movie. ...because I was so happy when I seen that movie. Noooo...  Trying to find a job will be even harder. Well, I do just as much work. Noooo...  Eventually the minorities will do away with me altogether. Noooo...  Guys? Guys!  Oh it's true! You all ''did'' survive! Oh my God, you guys! I really thought I was the only non-minority on Earth! How many of our species survived? It wasn't? So then, you mean... we do have until 2012. Well, it may be only three years, but... I intend to live those precious years to the fullest! 