I'm a dork, and I deserve what's coming to me.  Ow. Fellas, my underwear is so far up my buttcrack my legs are numb!  Uyeah, I guess I deserve it. Uugh! So what?!  So I'm almost nine years old and anyone who hasn't kissed a girl by fourth grade is a dork! Sellin' kisses? You mean I'm... gonna kiss a girl... today? Oh boy, I sure am nervous. Uh, how come? I gotta do this! I gotta know what it feels like! Oh boy... Oh jeez, oh, stay calm Butters... Eh, how was it? I'm going!  Oh, hi. So ummm yeah, ah, I was hopin' maybe I could get a kiss. Yeah, cool, uhhhm... umuh... okay.  Oh, money... Rrright.  Thank you!   Hey, I know. Hey fellers! Fellers, do you like gettin' kisses? 'Cause I know a girl that'll give you a great kiss for just five dollars! Sure, Scott! Even if you got diabetes!  Boy oh boy, this sure is great! I've been thinkin', Sally: I could probably drum up some third grade customers if you could do kisses before school too. We could make double the money. Aww nuts!  Well, I did have another idea. What if we got another girl to fill in for you sometimes? Well, you know, we bring someone on, show her what to do, and then share all our money together. We could have our very own...  kissin' company. The next key to a successful business is "innovation." I think maybe we need to understand that some boys simply can't afford the five dollars for a kiss, so what if we start also charging just two dollars for a hug? Why thanks. Sally, I think your position behind the temp building at recess is perfect. Megan, I'm thinkin' about moving you to the baseball field after school during little league practice. I got a kissing booth set up at the kids' fair on Saturday so Kayla and Ashley, you take turns there. Any girl that sells more than twenty kisses gets  a little sunshine, but if you don't show up for work at all, I'm afraid you get a stormy cloud. Hey fellas. Would anyone like a coupon? We're offerin' two for one kisses today through Thursday. Yep! I am founder and head CEO of the Butters Kissing Company. Just look at this.  I'm tellin' ya guys, this is the most genius idea I've ever come up with. A lot of boys would pay to kiss my employees. ...A pimp. Huh... Bohy, Kyle was right, Sally. There's guys with kissing companies all over the country. "The person managing all the women is known as the 'pimp,' while the working women are referred to as 'ho' or 'bitch.'" Oh, you're a bitch, Sally.  Hey, look at this! There's about to be a big pimp convention, it looks like. I gotta get to that convention, Sally. I could learn all kinds of stuff for our company.  Hi there. My name is Butters. This sure is a nice convention, huh? Yeah, I'm just starting out. I really came last minute 'cause I was hoping to learn more about being a successful pimp. Yeah, just about a week now. I have four girls at the moment, but I feel like I could be doing a better job. What's the game?  Yes I- I know what you are saying. You don't have to keep asking. I know what you're saying.  Yeah! I believe I know what you are saying! Hey Dad! Aw hell Dad, I got lots of girlfriends. Sally's just my bottom bitch.  Boy oh boy, really great work, bitches. You all sold lots of kisses today. Except for you, Megan, I'm afraid you get a stormy cloud sticker today. I just hold on to all the money, 'cause bitches can't be trusted with it. We pool all the kissing money together, see? But if you wanna buy anything, you just talk to the bottom bitch  Do you know what I am saying?  Yo, Bebe. Bebe yo. Bitch you wanna make some motherfuckin' money? Bitch you should be doin' kisses on the playground. You can make fifty bucks a day! Buy all the purses and shoes that you've ever wanted. I'll treat you right, bitch. Oh, alright then.  Bitch, don't you wanna start makin' some real fuckin' money? Why you were made for the playground, bitch. You should be out there workin'. Don't you want a new lunch box? Nice new coat? I can get all that for you, bitch. What? Oh. Well all I'm sayin' the bitch should be out there workin' is all.  Whatcha doin' bitch? Just givin' kisses to Stan for free? Why you should be makin' some motherfuckin' money!  Clyde, here's a hundred bucks. If Stan comes near me, punch him. Come on Wendy, you should be puttin' that mouth to work. All these bitches are kissin' fellers, and they haven't figured out that they can be making some serious fuckin' money! Really glad you joined the company, Annie! Now remember: you're chargin' five dollars for a kiss, two for a hug, and six for half and half. Alright bitch? Alright, how about a freebie?  Sure, Kyle. Kyle, every boy pays for kisses. Do you know what I am saying? If you've got a girl, and she kisses you, sooner or later you're paying for it. You've gotta take her out to lunch, take her to a movie, and then spend time listenin' to all her stupid problems. Look, look at Stan right there.  He's gotta sit there and listen to her stupid motherfuckin' problems 'cause she kisses him. If you ask me, that's a ''lot'' more than the five dollars my company charges. What happened is that I became a man! I'm sorry I'm not your little buddy anymore, but there's a time people have to grow up!  And that's... three thousand dollars today for Charise.  REALLY great work, bitch! That is another...  sunshine sticker for you.  Mmmwhoa boy! And so, I would like to see if there are any housing loan opportunities for some of my employees, and also what kind of corporate tax I should be filing under. It's a kissing company. Oh sure! My black employee Charise over there, one time she made two thousand dollars, on one customer! Can you believe it? Two thousand dollars just to kiss a feller. She currently stays in a motel room, 'cause a lot of her customers see her late.  You wouldn't believe the time of night some fellers wanna kiss. 'Course. My bottom bitch keeps a database of all our customers, specially the VIPs, like Senator Morris. Sure! Senator Morris gets kisses every day at lunchtime. You know where he likes to get kissed? In a motel room. Darnedest thing. He must get sleepy. Huh? Why? But I heard ACORN helps pimps and their bitches! Heey! Mr. Daniels! You get kisses from my bitch Roxy in the alley behind Sizzler.  Boy, how do you like that, bitches? Approval for two housing loans and tax-exempt status. File these away, Sally.  Whoa whoa, bitches, bitches! Oh. Well we operate on a sixty-forty split here. Bitches have access to Medicare and now, low-income housing loans. What's that? Well wait, hold on now. Why I'd never get in the way of somebody being happy. Well us pimps gotta be good. Even to each other. Wha? Awww.  Gals. Gals, could you all come gather round? Gather round, gals; take a knee.  Gals, I... well I'm afraid I can't do this anymore. I'm gonna be leavin' the company. Well I enjoyed being your pimp and all, it's just that... when I see real love, like what those two people have, well, well it just makes me feel like a... well, like a dick. Well I may be a man now, but it doesn't mean I have the right to be earnin' money for what girls do, whether you're chargin' fellers for kisses by cash or by makin' them listen to your stupid motherfuckin' problems. Well that's your hard work. Bitches, this is your company now, so get out there, and make yourselves some motherfuckin' money! 