Eric, why would you do such a thing? That's very naughty, Eric.  He just never listens. It's not him, it's ''you'', Eric.  I don't know what to do with you.  Yes. I think it's the nanny, poopsiekins. Oh, thank you so much for coming. Please come in.  All, all right dear.  Yeah, it's best to avoid his level. Eric, naughty. Oh, but we really need some help.  What do you mean? Oh dear. I don't know what else to do about my son's behavioral problems. We've been through every nanny reality show on television. Please, come in. Well, he's just... out of control. I mean, he never listens to me, and he pretty much runs my life. What what is it that you're doing? Oh, that's very interesting. Well, no, I don't.  Ahall right.  Tsst. It doesn't seem to work as well when I do it. Oh, very good, sweetie. Wow, I have a lot to learn. Oh dear.  But what if he ''does'' run away? Oh Eric, I'm so happy you're home. Look what I did, Eric. I learned how to make Sumie paintings. I had almost forgotten how artistic I was. Cesar... Yup, just like you said he would. He said he's hungry. What should I do? Eric, if you don't want to eat then, why don't you go brush your teeth and go to bed?!  Tsst.   Tsst.   Tsst.  Oh... Oh my gosh! He's never done this before. I love you very much, poopsiekins. You're Mommy's sunshine.  Eric, I want you to go upstairs and brush your teeth. Then I'll be up to read you a story before bed.  Oh my goodness. I can't believe it. I am the pack leader!  Sounds divine! Oh, he's been amazing, Cesar. He got an A on his last spelling test and a B+ in history. He's losing weight and he's doing what I tell him. The best part is I'm not letting him boss me around anymore. I could have ''never'' come out and have a nice lunch on a Saturday afternoon with a friend before. There's just one problem: he still fights me every step of the way. I feel like he's ''doing'' what I tell him, but that inside he's still the same angry spoiled child. Oh Cesar, I'm so happy to have you in my life.  Why Eric, you made your own breakfast. And you're studying before school?  Oh, Eric. I'm very proud of you. I love you, sweetie. Cesar. I'm so happy you're back. Oh, he's amazing. I think the change in personality happened. He's doing things for himself now, and he seems to be accepting it. I've lost a best friend, but I've gained a son. You're the best, Cesar, and to show my gratitude I've got two tickets for you and me to see ''Madame Butterfly'' this Friday night. Oh... But I thought we were becoming friends. Eric, how would you like to go with me to see ''Madame Butterfly'' Friday night? Well, what if I took you to Kentucky Fried Chicken afterward?  And then we'll go to Target and buy you a Mega Ranger.  