Hey guys. You guys, uh,  Yeah, they started coming in last week. At first I thought they were just mosquito bites, but, then they didn't go away.  Oh, uh, forty-eight? Yeah? Really?  I've never done that before. Well sure, that sounds hella fun. Cool. Okay. Uh. Listen guys, um, it's five-thirty. I'm supposed to get home, so... I'll see you later.  Hey everybody.  "My cat Thumper."  "Thumper is twelve years old. That's pretty old for a cat. The end."  Hey guys. ...You guys still wanna go ice-skating after school?  They called me a "slut with a huge gaping vagina". But am I slutty just because I'm starting to be friends with guys? I mean, they just like me because they think I'm smart and cool. Well if the girls don't wanna be my friends, that's fine!  Guys are way cooler, anyways. Thanks for inviting me to ride the bus to school with you guys. Precious?  It puts the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again.  It puts the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again. Put the lotion in the basket! Don't you hurt my fucking dog! You guys, calm down! This is insane! Stop it you guys, please! Oh boy, I never meant to cause all this trouble! I know. They've been there all day.  Mom, why is everyone acting so different around me? But, I, I don't know if I want to. Sometimes I think I'm not as smart and cool as they say, that everyone just tells me I am because of my hooters. Mom?  What's six times eight?  Having boobs sucks. I wanna have breast-reduction surgery.  Yes. I have two hundred and twelve dollars in nickels and a gold bracelet. Why not? Britney Spears got fake ones when she was a teenager. Why can't I have mine taken off? I think it's insane to want them bigger. Ever since I got these stupid things everyone treats me differently. I feel like I might be treated differently the rest of my life. Please, you have to help me. I think that if my breasts keep growing this way, boys will give me whatever I want. No it's not, because if I grow up getting everything I want, having things made easy for me because I have hot knockers, then I'm gonna grow up to be a lame person. If I'm handed everything in life, then my chances of becoming a lawyer or a marine biologist are zero. Damnit! Oh, fuck off!   MOM!! MOM!!  My breasts! No, they're conspiring! Mom, they were talking! They wanna destroy the town! That does it! I'm NOT letting these things run my life! Hey guys.  Oh cool! It worked! Yes! Right. My boobs just clouded your judgment. 