 Now it takes the lotion from the basket. It puts the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again. Yes, that's a good Precious. Okay, now it puts the lotion back in the basket. It puts the lotion back in the basket!  Put the lotion in the fucking basket! Yes, mom?  No, our teacher's dead. Remember?  Two weeks ''isn't'' enough. I'm not over our teacher's tragic death. I'm still sh-shooken up.  But I wanna plaaayyy! Mr. Mackey, I don't think I'm over the teacher's tragic death yet. I need more time. It's just... it still hurts, you know? Can I go home? Hey Craig, is that the same shirt that that Bebe chick always wears? It just... it just seems like a really awesome shirt. Yeah, may be. Right, heh. Woohoo. God, you know what? That's so true. Because, you sometimes never really think about how old a pet is until it's gone. Oh God! Here we go again! Dork alert!  Yeah, have a seat, Tweek. We all need to have a talk.  Alright guys, now that we're all here, I think... we need to have a difficult conversation. It's obvious that Bebe is like the coolest, smartest, most awesome person we've ever met. And, you know, we've been trying to fill the gap for the fourth friend ever since Kenny died, God rest his soul, and it hasn't been an easy process. And so, even though I think it's a tough thing to do right now, I think maybe it's best for everyone if we make room to allow Bebe to be our new fourth friend. Well, I'm glad you guys all agree. And so, Kyle, I just wanna say that it's been really great, and we're gonna miss you. And even though it didn't quite work out, I'm sure you'll find other friends down the road, Kyle. Here's a nice watch for you and some peanuts.  And we're really sad to see you go. Let's give a big round of applause for Kyle, everybody. Hip hip. Pleeeeease???  Well dumbasses, how are we gonna make room for Bebe!?   See, and this is Precious.  Now you say, "It puts the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again." Heheh, yeah. Now say it again, louder. Good. Now, now put the lotion back in the basket! Now, just yell "Put the lotion in the fucking basket!" Put the lotion in the fucking basket!  Oh no! Precious! Now you say, "Don't you hurt my fuckin' dog!" You bitch, I'll cut your throat if-  We're playing "Lambs." Bebe's boobs? So, Bebe is actually just as lame as she ever was? What a stupid bitch! }} 