 Put more clay on the balls.  You can't do that! You're an ''art'' teacher! We can't let her get away with this!  I think tonight we need to do something drastic. Like find out where Mrs. Streibel lives, and go over there, and... TP her house. Toilet paper! Cover her house in toilet paper.   Yeah! Payback time, you ugly skank! Should be fine. Okay.  Yep. All set. Oh, we're just gonna watch some TV, maybe play a board game. Heh yeah, that that's right. No. Last Thursday night was fajitas night. It's the right address-wait! Look there!  So? Kyle, you're being an asshole! Now let's do this thing and get out of m'yeah.  Come on, let's go!  Aw man, that was sooo awesome!  Who cares?? Me??  Yeah? Well, Ol' Mrs. Streibel probably had it comin' to her. Well, I understand the people who did it weren't caught, so-o... Looks like nobody will ever know the geniuses who masterminded that perfect crime.   Damn! Will you relax, Kyle?! They have nothing on us! As long as we all stick to our story, we'll be fine. Okay. Last night, all four of us were at the bowling alley until about 7:30, at which time we noticed Ally Sheedy, the Goth chick from the Breakfast Club, was bowling in the lane next to us, and we asked her for her autograph, but she didn't have a pen, so we followed her out to her car, but on the way we were accosted by five Scientologists who wanted to give us all personality tests, which were administered at the Scientology Center in Denver until 10:45, at which time we accidentally boarded the wrong bus home and ended up in Rancho de Burritos Rojos, south of Castle Rock, and finally got a ride home with a man who was missing his left index finger, named Gary Bushwell, arriving home at 11:46. Kyle, it's very simple: we followed Ally Sheedy out to her car, but on the way we were accosted by five Scientologists who wanted to give us all personality tests, which were administered at the Scientology Center in Denver until 10:45, at which time we accidentally boarded the wrong bus home and ended up in Rancho de Burritos Rojos, south of Castle Rock, and finally got a ride home with a man who was missing his left index finger, named Gary Bushwell, arriving home at 11:46, you got it??  Oh, for Christ's sake! Thank you, Stan.  "And so I said, 'That's a terrific joke, Wendy. Tell us another one.'" Oh, hello, Mr. Mackey. Are you ready to see us now? Touchй, Mr. Mackey, touchй. They want to see if we mix the story up, and see if someone will rat out the other three for a better deal. Kyle, so help me God, if you Jew us out on this one, I will fucking kill you!  Hello, Kyle. Going somewhere? No need. I have one for you right here.  Is there anything else I can get for you? You do that. Goodnight, Kyle.  Stan, Kenny, can I talk to you guys for a second?  I think we have the counselor and the principal fooled, but we need to talk about Kyle. Come on, you know. He's losing it. He's gonna crack. Kyle can't take the heat; he's gonna sing like a canary. Then we're all gonna take the fall for what we did.  Look you guys, all it takes is for one of us to crack, and we all know who the weakest link is! We have no choice. We have to kill Kyle. Why not? He almost spilled the beans in the counselor's office! He can't even keep the story straight! I'm telling you guys, he's weak. He's weak, and he'll be the end of all of us.  I just wanted to see how you're doing, Kyle. Why don't we go out for a little boat ride? I just thought we should find a private place to... talk. Could you help me put this cement block and chain in the boat?  So how are things, Kyle? And you feel like you have to confess. I'm killing you. But unfortunately I could only afford a wiffle ball bat, so it's gonna take a while.  Don't fight it, Kyle, it will only take longer. Just slip into sweet unconsciousness.  Won't be long, Kyle.  I'm getting rid of our problem. Kyle will be dead in a matter of hours. They did? But can I still kill Kyyyle? Uh, can we see them-him-her? What are you talking about? This is a gift from God. An early Easter present all wrapped up in a pretty ribbon from Jesus Christ himself!  Anyone care for a nice game of Wiffle ball? You see guys, it all worked itself out. Tadow, tadow, how you like me now? Feel a little silly now, Kyle? Tadow, how you like me now? What? Hu- How can you feel bad? Somebody else is gonna pay for our crime. Bu... ...eh... Kyle, you don't seem to understand. We're we're not gonna get punished for this. Ever. So... so then, how can you feel bad? ...But he's not gonna get in trouble. What?? Eh...  hey you guys! There's nothing to feel bad about! We're, we're off scot-free!  Uh. Oww. ...Ih ...Ih, ih, is it that ...you think you might get in trouble later? Eh buh... eh... eh... Freakin' weirdos, man! Come on, you guys! Hurry!  Guys, hurry! It's over this way! Come on! So how are things, guys? I'm afraid I can't let that happen. Can't I?   Hi guys. I told them everything, you guys. It's over. My consciences just caught up with me. I know what you mean, Kyle. I realize now that even though you might not get caught doing something bad, you can still get caught later. I didn't feel bad before, but now I just feel terrible. Right. I guess I learned today that sometimes you- Hm. 