Let's go weed! Wew! Boycotting what? Wait... what? Ugh ahhug– Guys... I wanna have kind of a tough talk with you. We don't really have any black friends, we don't reach out to the black community. Shelley, you never bring any black dudes over. I mean, Stan, your three best friends are all white. Yes, that kid Token. How come you never hang out with him? In a group maybe, but I don't recall just you and Token ever doing anything. I've never seen Token here at the farm, just like the two of you guys. Why not? We'd like to think that, wouldn't we? But... actions speak louder than words, gang. I guess... I guess I just want you to think about it.  Ok, there we go. This is a farm fresh hemp salad sourced locally here at Tegridy! Alright, come on everybody, dig in. Well, you know, with our boys starting to become so close– we thought we better get the families together! If they're friends, then we need to be friends! Huh?  W-what are you talking about? Oh, that's so lame. No, we really just wanted to get to know you guys better since Stan is friends with Token. You know... just out of curiosity– why did you guys name him that? Well– I mean, it's just kind of an odd name, isn't it? Like, some people might think you guys naming your son that isn't very cool. Well I mean other people just think it's a little... I mean, come on, I mean, I'm– I'm not calling you guys racist, but– why did you name your son that?  His name is Tolkien?  Holy shit, that's what his name means?  Would you like to see how we grow and process our weed? You see, it's all about refinement. Here at Tegridy, we believe the best weed is untouched from the earth– so we distill it down to its basic essence. Over there are our clean out vats and up here we have our first stage drying racks. Oh, real quick!  It all takes about six days from the field to a jar that we can sell. So... what do you think? Yeah, it takes a lot. You know– I just had a crazy idea... Our boys are best friends now... Why don't you come work for Tegridy? Oh my gosh– I was just saying we could really use a co-executive of financial consulting! Look, I... Would it be okay if... If I sent you some of our receipts and you could help us– financial consult? Oh my God, this is amazing. Here's to the start of something wonderful. Would you like some free weed? Taking shit tons of Tegridy orders. Sales are going nuts right now. Because we work together? Yes, but then– you got promoted! I was gonna surprise you. Don't you see how lucrative this can be? I mean, we make a pretty damn good team in the weed business. I mean, we are Ben and Jerry– We're Ben and Jerry. You're Jerry, and I'm Ben. No, you're a towel. Doing dru– Do you remember when Bilbo first set out with the dwarves to fight Smaug? What's the first thing they all did? They partied their asses off.  Lucrative treasure. Ben and Jerry, my man. Ben and fuckin' Jerry. Not guilty, your honor. Not true, your honor. I've never even heard Paul McCartney's version. "Black Puppy White Puppy" is a song I wrote by myself on my piano keyboard.  Ohhhh, buzzkill... Okay, what is it? Uhh, yeah... no. Well, you're just– you know, you're just not the idea guy. Alright, look, I'm gonna tell you the truth about ice cream– Jerry actually doesn't do shit. Ben does it all, everyone knows that. Oh, come on, I'm sorry.  He doesn't even really sound like a black guy, you know that? Yeah, that's really cool boys– Wait, wha-a-a-t?!  What the hell's going on?! Credigree Weed? How stupid is that?! Credigree isn't even a word! Well, there's really good weed across the street! Tegridy weed? Oh, oh! He didn't even talk like that before! This guy is a total phony! Now just come across the street, and I'll show you some real nice weed made with Tegridy! These people don't even belong here!  They stole it! They stole my idea! Those dickheads across the street! They took everything I learned about using black culture to make a bigger profit and they're doing it themselves!  Get him outta here, he's a spy!  Hey, fuck face! I don't want your kid over at my house, you got that?! You want a war? Well, you got one! Game on, asshole!  Everyone back in the house. Come on, let's go. Shut up!  