There's only one black kid in my whole class. I do hang out with him! I... I don't know. Uh, hey, Token. Uh, listen, I uh... How you doin'? Um... You think your family would wanna come over for dinner? Out at our farm? Yeah but... Look, Token, I think maybe you and I should hang out more. I mean, we never just hang out, you and me. Shut up, Butters. Look, just will you please just see if your family will come over for dinner? It would mean a lot.  I thought your name was "Token". Dude... my head is reeling, you're not gonna believe this. Token's name isn't Token. It's Tolkien. No, no, no, no. He's named after the guy who wrote ''The Hobbit'' and stuff!  You knew it was Tolkien like the writer. No, no, no! No, no, no, no! I distinctly remember Cartman wearing a shirt where he spelled it T-O-K-E-N. Wha– hold on a second!  Dude, Cartman, did you know that Tolkien is named after J.R.R. Tolkien? Then why did you spell it "Token" without the "L" or the "I"?! Uh, yeah, hang on a second Tolk-kien, just taking a shit. Oh my God... I suck...  Okay, I guess... I kinda wanted to talk about something in private. I think... I might be horribly racist. So... there's this kid at my school, and... he's black. And his parents named him after the guy that wrote ''Lord of the Rings.'' Yeah... well, I-I thought his name was Token. Like– like a black kid that's just there so that... like... there's a black kid. The whole time! I've thought that the whole time! Huh? No, I was just try– I'm sorry! Doctor? Doctor, please, I don't want to be like this! I'll do anything, just tell me what to do! Okay, what should I read? Guys... lately I've been doing a lot of soul searching. I've had to ask myself hard questions, because for a long time now, I've misinterpreted some amazing writing. I've done a lot of reading... And I've learned why Sauron built the black gate of Mordor across the path of Cirith Grogor, which led into the enclosed plain of Udun. I've learned that the Mouth of Sauron was once a man, who commanded the armies of Gorgoroth and dismissed Aragorn's claim as King. I firmly believe that everyone would benefit from the school making required reading of these books. Because if we don't fully know about Tolkien, then we can make some terrible, offensive mistakes. In fact... did you guys know that our friend Tolkien, who goes to school here, is named after J.R.R. Tolkien?  My point is, we need to petition the school to make Tolkien required reading. To better understand our classmate. I think maybe we all haven't done enough to make sure than Tolkien doesn't feel isolated and left out. Not yet, Token. Just another couple minutes.  Sup, guys. You know, I've done a lot of reading lately. And I'd like to announce that the school has allowed me to declare today J.R.R. Tolkien appreciation day!  But you don't know that ''Lord of the Rings'' was an analogy for World War II, did you?! And I'll bet you didn't know that there was originally 19 Rings of Power that were forged by Celebrimbor! So there's much we need to understand. And so I would like to bring up the man himself. Come on up here, Tolkien! Come on! Nope. Not any better, Mom. Tolkien is... here?  Hey, Tol-kien. What are you doing here? Yeah, I'm good. I'm... No, I'm not... Tolkien, I have something I have to tell you. This whole time, I thought your name was "Token". Like... the token black person. Yeah. I don't know. So I understand if you don't wanna be around me anymore. What?! Oh, my God, this is great!  Mom, Dad, guess what?! Tolkien's family bought the farm across the street! We're neighbors! Dad! But Dad– 