<poem><i> '''' It's Sloppy Joe day!</i></poem> I seriously think that Sloppy Joe day is my favorite day at school. What is this? Feesh? What kids were complaining about health and sustainability?! What kids would care at all that-  the girls! The fucking girls!  is on our lunch trays?! Oh my God. I'm about to lose my mind.  You think you can just mess with a man's lunch?! You think that your ideas about health and nutrition should be somehow interfering with mine?! You dictate what foods I can eat?!  I can't, I can't. Butters, I can't.  Agh. Fuck you, Wendy. Hey guys. How's it goin'? Yes. The girls tried to kill me, but they did not succeed. However, we cannot let the girls' protest ruin our lunch ever again! Well, their protesting is ruining my lunch! Yes, we do all have freedom of speech! But at times, there are ramifications for the negative that can happen when you're not thinking about others and you're ONLY THINKING ABOUT YOURSELF! They're trying to take people's lunch! They don't realize it harms people financially, physically, emotionally, and spiritually.  Agagagh, my lunch!  Ohm... oh my God. School cafeteria ribs. After all that yogurt and crap they gave me at the hospital? OHM. Yeah. I think maybe I like rib day even more than sloppy Joe day. It's a difficult choice.  CAN I PLEASE JUST ENJOY MY LUNCH FOR FIVE GODDAMNED MINUTES?! We all have freedom of speech, but stop talking about climate change DURING LUNCH TIME! Some of us can just enjoy some simple goddamned barbecue ribs! And I- Daah!  Oh God, they did it again to me, Butters. I think this is the Big One! Don't let me die. Don't let me die. Don't let me die, Butters.  Agh. Fuck you, Wendy.  Mr. Mackey.  These tacos look different. What kind are they? Oh, Incredible Beef tacos. That sounds nice.  Did you guys see that new Joker movie? Lunchtime!  Hey Butters!  Wait up, dude. You know what today is, right? It's Salisbury Steak day! Salisbury Steak day!  Butters, is something going on? Your lunch dances aren't the same. Guilty... about what? Yes, I think it's pretty good. The fuck is a goo man?   And that's what we have for school lunch now? That's what all the kids decided while I wasn't there? Me too. I need to have a word with the students at my school.  Hey, guys, looks like I almost missed lunch. I found out about what we're eating here at the school. I found out what it's made of and where! What are you sorry about? It's me who owes all you guys an apology.  ♪ It's Processed Meat-Like Substance Day ♪ It's Processed Meat-Like Substance Day ♪ 