Okay, children, what do you think Barnaby Jones meant when he said, "This is not a victimless crime"? Anybody?  Children, were you paying attention?! Oh, well excuse me, Kyle! Why don't you just ''forget'' what Barnaby Jones has to say?! Why don't you ''not'' pay attention to Barnaby Jones and then let's see how far you get in society?! Okay, Stanley, why don't you tell us how Barnaby Jones knew the poison was in the milk? Oh, and what do you consider normal?! Well, Mr. Smarty-Pants, it just so happens we ''are'' going on a field trip tomorrow! To the planetarium. Oh now, what's wrong with the planetarium? Well, too bad! You're all going to the planetarium tomorrow and you're all going to love it! In the meantime, we're going to watch episode #203, ''Barnaby Under Siege''. Oh, sorry, I taped these at home, so there's more commercials. Okay, children, let's quiet down so the nice bus driver can concentrate on the road.  Ow! Jesus, lady! Okay, children, now I'm going to remind you that this is a planetarium, not a Bangkok brothel. Let's behave ourselves. Come on, Eric. We're going to the planetarium. No, you have to go in this building and see a bunch of stupid stars! Now, come on! That's a pretty weird bone disease. Well, kids, how did you like the planetarium? Really? What did you like best about it?  Wait a minute. Where is Eric? You snuck off and sang that stupid song?! Oh, great! Well I guess we have to go back!  We've better get him to the nurse's office, stat! Okay, children, today we're going to learn all about Japanese poems called haiku. A haiku is just like a normal American poem, except that it doesn't rhyme, and it's totally stupid. For example- Uh, where is Eric Cartman? No, I'm asking why Eric Cartman isn't at school. Was he on the school bus this morning? Hoh, very good haiku, Kyle. Yes- haikus have five syllables, then seven, then five. Kenny, can you give us another example? But you were just there! Why do you wanna go again so soon? Well, I guess we could go again, since it's just down the street. Eric, where have you been? Very good, Kyle. They just begged to come back; I couldn't get them to shut up about it. I'm just gonna step outside and go weewee.  What the hell are you boys doing? You're supposed to be in there. Oh, for Pete's sake, Clyde. You just went! Well, I guess I could give them extra credit for it. 