Chef, Cartman is in the hospital. They think he might die. Well, nobody seems to know, but we think it's because he drank Kenny's soul four weeks ago. No, that's Kenny. That's Cartman. Hey, I've seen that guy. He has a TV show where he brings people on and talks to their dead relatives. Awesome! Uh, over here please? We told you that. No no, he's trapped in Cartman's ''body''. Heh hey wait a minute dude. He seemed better on TV?  We don't get to go to Scotland?  Oh well. Good luck getting Kenny out of you, fatso.  That's us. Come on. Huh? Dude, you were going to see four white birds eventually. Yes. Now, come on. Our plane is gonna leave.   What?? Kyle. No, Kyle! Aw crap!  Hey, uh, I need to talk to Mr. Edward, please. I'm not here for a reading, I just need to ask him something real quick. Jesus Christ. Hey uh, I need to ask you a big favor. You, you did a reading on my best friend and uh, well you kind of messed him up. Look, my friend Kyle won't fly back home to Colorado. All I need you to do is just talk to him and tell him, you know, the whole talking to dead people isn't for real. Right, but it's not. It's a ''trick'' you do and I need you to just let my friend Kyle know that so he can go on with his life. Yes. We all hear voices in our heads. It's called "intuition." Get over yourself and tell my friend it's just for fun. No, you give them false hope and a belief in something that isn't real. No dude, you're a douche. Then you're a ''stupid'' douche. I'm nine years old. You are so a douche! I'm nominating you for the Biggest Douche in the Universe award, you douche!  Kyle! Kyle! Look, I went and saw that John Edward guy. He's just a big douche. Kyle, you can't run your life based on what some douchey psychic said. They all just use a technique called "cold reading." They've used it for hundreds of years to make people believe them. No, he's not.  Alright, look. I'll show you. I just need a volunteer. How about you? Okay, I'm gonna pretend that a dead person is talking to me about you, okay? Okay, watch, Kyle. Uh, it's an older man, someone very close to you. Does this month, November, hold a special significance? Right, because he's saying, "Tell her 'Happy Birthday.'" See, Kyle? I just started with something really vague. I chose an older man because I'm betting that, based on this woman's age, her father is most likely dead. But if her father ''wasn't'' dead, I could still say it was some other older man. I ''didn't''. I just asked her if November meant anything. Her father could have died in November, or Thanksgiving could have been really special for them. But I go with the birthday and validate it now, as if I knew, by saying "He wishes you a Happy Birthday." Okay, I'll just use an old standard. He's saying "the money. Stop worrying about the money." No it isn't! When a father dies, inheritance is usually an issue, and money is something everyone worries about. What?!  No wait. Okay, listen to me. Listen very carefully.  They want me to acknowledge Pete, or Peter. No! Stop clapping! All I did was pick a random name and wait for somebody in the audience to give a response. Now that I see that there's a lone woman crying, my instinct tells me Peter was her husband. So I say, "Peter was your husband?"  Stop it! I didn't do anything!  I didn't start by saying Peter is dead! I started by saying, "They want me to acknowledge Peter." That could have meant Peter was in the audience or that Peter was somebody's friend, or Peter had died. I couldn't be wrong, see? Now, I can look at this woman and see that she's fairly young, so odds are her husband was fairly young when he died. So I can say something like, "I'm getting that Peter's death was very untimely."  Not literally! Here. Look, Kyle. I found tons of testimonials on the Internet saying that John Edward has the entire studio wired to hear what people are talking about before the show. And, he pays actors to be plants in the audience. Fine, I give up! You wanna stay in New York?! Then go ahead!  No, I don't think either one of us can.  I'm saying this to you, John Edward, you are a liar, you are a fake, and you are the biggest douche ever! Because the big questions in life are tough: Why are we here? Where are we from? Where are we going? But if people believe in asshole douchey liars like you, we're never gonna find the real answer to those questions. You aren't just lying, you're slowing down the progress of all mankind, you douche! Fine, douche!  No, I don't wanna talk to you. I wanna talk to the audience. You see, I learned something today. At first I thought you were all  just stupid, listening to this douche's advice, but now I understand that you're all here because you're scared. You're scared of death and he offers you some kind of understanding. You all want to believe in it so much, I ''know'' you do. You find comfort in the thought that your loved ones are floating around trying to talk to you, but think about it: Is that really what you want? To just be floating around after you die, having to talk to ''this'' asshole?  Yeah. There's nothing special about you, dude. Get over yourself. No, it can't be. Oh, dude!  Now do you people believe me? 