I am sooo sick of that stupid bitch! Blabbin' pussy little skank! Why do people talk on their phone like that?! I can't even get a minute of peace before that ''bitch'' walks in, holding the cell phone out like this , and talking on speaker phone! Nobody wants to hear your goddamned conversations, you little bitch! You're not that important! AAAARGH! That is not what happened! You totally started crying and quit the game! Then take that shit off speaker phone!! How do we have a choice?!  Will you please take your rally conversation somewhere else?  What the hell are you doing?! You're okay with everything you think going up on the Internet? Guys, guys, I know we're all concerned, but we have to work together! Look everybody, I know we all feel our hands are tied, but the fact is, we ''can'' do something about this. There's an app which can actually allow kids to block things that their parents watch on television. And it is password-protected with a security code that only a child would know. What? How do you know? Wait... wait, you mean in Minecraft?  That's how our parents broke the passcode. I never thought anyone would stoop so low! Someone is teaching our parents Minecraft.  Alright, alright, let's calm down! I know we're all concerned here! You know why! Because we're trying to keep our parents from watching murder porn! Corey Lanskin? We heard that you might be teaching Minecraft to adults. Uh alright, sorry kid. Gue- guess we have the wrong house. So you know it. We put a stop to it, until YOU taught them Minecraft. Hello. There are certain networks that we see as harmful to our families, and we want them removed, please. Can we talk to your supervisor please?! You mean that we're forced to pay for the Oprah channel? Fine,  then we'll shut our cable off altogether! He's doing it a-gain. Yeah, that sucked. You're having nightmares about the ending to World War Z again? That's what bothering you? Not the fact that you're a murderer? You're a murderer. Mom, Ike did it again. I don't know what's going on with him, but, it's like he hates me. I know, but he posted a message of me with a schlong on my head. Hey Ike, how's it going? I just wanted to see if maybe you want to do fingerpaints with me. Ike, I just want us to be friends again. Yeah, let's watch Yo Gabba Gabba, like old times. It always has been. See? This is nice.  What? Ike, is that chewing tobacco? No, I just don't think it's healthy.  Mr. Mackey, can I talk to you?  No. It's my little brother. He's really changing and I feel like- Right now. I don't know. What?  He's just... changing a lot. He walks around angry, telling me I'm stupid and, and all he talks about is sex. Yeah, he just seems so young. Let's just give it a chance, Ike. What the fuck is going on?! I don't know what else to do, dude. No matter what I try, me and Ike just seem to drift further apart! He doesn't even let me near him! What?? Oh, thanks!  I was ''trying'' to make an appointment to see the principal about getting excused on Friday. So I can take my brother to go see Yo Gabba Gabba Live. Hey Ike. Ike, I'm sorry, but I couldn't get us out of school Friday. I can't take you to Yo Gabba Gabba Live. I couldn't get in to see the principal, Ike. Ike, I do! I just-  Ike no! Stop! We're so sorry. Please forgive my little brother. He's going through puberty. That's what I thought.  Excuse me, but Ike has homework he's supposed to be doing. I'm your big brother, Ike!  I'm sorry, but right now I'm feeling- Hey! Will you get out of my living room, please?!  Hello?! What? No, this is his brother. Satisfied with-  Wait a minute. What medication?!  Ah I'm sorry, but I don't really care. I just want to know what medication my little brother has been getting from you, and why?! Yeah, but something is wrong with my brother and it might be your fault! You use IntelliLink?? Oh my God! Will you check his records please? I dunno!  Try "strangetamer." Are you saying that Ike has been given regular doses of hormones because of an IntelliLink screwup?! That system is totally screwed up and does nothing but wreak havoc! Ex-cuse me?! If my little brother has been getting some athlete's hormones, then who has been getting Ike's medication?! Ike! ''[runs up to him] Wait! ''[the rest of Yo Gabba Gabba show up] Ike, there's been a mistake. You don't understand. Because you're my little brother, Godddamnit!  And even when I'm fifty and you're forty-five, you're still gonna be my little brother! Ike, I don't care if you wanna grow up, I just wanna be by your side while you do it. Ike? It sure is. Do you want me to watch it with you, Ike? Yeah, I bet she does. About what?! Alright, Cartman, joke's over.  Tell everyone you made the cow look like that! Even the dumbest lie can have big consequences. Huh? Nothing.  Wuwhat's going on?  I don't speak Hebrew. He said they come on urgent business. The red- Oh come on, you can't possibly be here for that! It's right over here by uh- He said the Muslims beat them here-  God damn it! Hold on everybody. This thing isn't even a-  Cartman, stop! You don't know what you're doing! NOOOO! Yeah.  No shit! Well it-... it's okay. there's no denying it all worked out for the best this time a-. Oh no. Nohoho no. Cartman, don't you do this! The Middle East is finally at peace! Dude, go to Hell! Wwwait.  Mom? Mom, there's sssomething I need to tttell you.  You're a fat skank, Mom, and your tits belong in a morgue.  I just... thought it'd be nice. Yes sir. Yes.  I love Cartman's farts. Yummy yummy yummy I want Cartman's farts in my tummy. Yummy yummy yummy can I please Cartman's farts in my tummy? Yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy.   Mr. Mackey, can I talk to you? If you knew something, but, you couldn't tell anyone, what... what would you do?  I love it sooo sooo much. Because they taste so yummy.  Not if you... have some delicious farts for me. Please... Yummy yummy. Hey I am happy, Stan. I'm thrilled.  I just do, Stan. Yes. Yes. NO. This is Cartman. I have to take it.  Hello?  I don't care. That's fine.  Please, just, just leave it alone, Stan. Everything is as it has to be. No more. No more. Oh, come on, Cartman, no. No more.  Huh? Who...? Who is that? I... because the world is at peace. I must endure. I... I know. That's, that that's k-kind of what I was thinking. Yes. I endure what I must for the sake of all humanity. Yes! Yes I will! Yes, whatever you want.   Hello, Stan. There are greater things at work than what you understand. I'm actually the complete opposite. I'm not better, I'm just... doing what needs to be done to make the world a better place.  I happen to be the one person who's putting everyone else's needs before their own! All you need to know is I'm way awesomer than you think, okay?! Could I please one of your piping-hot farts in my mouth? Yummy yummy I want your farts in my tummy. Dude! Do not do this! Yes, I know that! Why do you think I've been putting up with his farts?! I know Cartman made it all up, okay?! I also know that nothing is more important for humanity than peace in the Middle East! I'm okay with this, Stan! I'm not a dick, I'm like Gandhi! Okay, okay. Stan, you're right. Maybe I let being a martyr go to my head. Just please, let me stay on this path, and, I'll try to be cool about it. Okay? I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Kenny! Hurray! Please, you have to listen to me! The prophecy actually did come true! Yes! It did! But that ''is'' what happened! It is! Tell them, Cartman! But it's the truth! Ssso it was all for nothing. The whole time I was... eating farts for nothing. Larry and Brad Stoltsky Those XBox Ones are as good as ours! Yeah. Look, guys, we all have to agree on one system. If some of us are on PS4s, but the rest of us are on XBox's, then we all can't play together online. See? This is all about committing to one machine.  No, the XBox's are gonna be better. No! We can't divide like this!  You're on our side, right?  Stan, the PS4 doesn't have the seamless transition between games, movies, and TV offered by XBox One.  Then I guess I'll see you on Black Friday. I know. I don't know. This isn't helping us, Butters! Yeah, but, why can't XBox automatically let you pre-order Metal Gear Solid V?  Cartman, we should probably talk about our chances. It's not enough! Ever since Kenny switched sides, there are more kids that wanna go with PS4 on Black Friday. Sony released the PS4s, Cartman. They're being reviewed. People are liking them. If you want to make sure I'm not switching sides, Cartman, you don't have to worry. Stan is wrong. Grounded? For what? No, Cartman. You said nobody will have to be grounded. We're not playing dirty! What?  Stan, this has gone too far. People are going to get hurt. What you started is way out of control. All these people are going to be gaming on XBox. You really wanna just game with Craig the rest of your life? Cartman, he's got everyone on Sony's side. We can't stop him! This would have never happened if you would have let Kenny be a princess in the first place! Well, unfortunately for us, he's now on the other side! We are out of options! I have an idea.  I don't like it, but I think it's the only choice we have. Go ahead and tell him, Cartman. Look, the truth is, we all have a bigger problem now, and you know it. Nobody is going to get anything if we don't work together against those thousands of other shoppers. Red Robin can be rented out, for wedding parties. If we all chip in we can pay for the deposit to have the wedding party there. Let's do this together, dude.  Our only shot at playing any next-gen console is by teaming up. If you wanna game on a PS4, then I do too.  I swear, Stan.  Cartman, Cartman! I heard that Stan somehow found out about our plan! Well what the hell are you doing?! This isn't gonna work now!  What the hell did you do?? No. Tell me you didn't! Thanks, Mrs. Marsh. Ok-okay.  Stan? Stan? Stan, it's me. Dude, I know you're pissed at me right now. You've gotta understand that I did it because I know in my heart that the XBox is better, for all of us. You weren't playing fair, dude. Getting your dad to work part time at the mall wasn't fair. You didn't? I'm sorry, Stan. I'm sorry. This whole war has just got us all so screwed up. I just want us to be playing Call of Duty on the right machine.  Stan, don't say that.  I'm sorry, Cartman. There's been a little change in plans! I am no longer an XBox guy! I let my friend get grounded, but today I will give him a PlayStation! The fight is over, Cartman! Wait a minute. Ha-how the hell did these two guys end up here? No. They're not a part of your betrayal? Stan? Cartman? Your side won, dude. Why are you so sad? Yeah. Clearly Annie Nelson is the hottest girl at our school. Look at those eyes!  Yeah, I know dude. I'm telling you, it was the worst pain in my entire life. Like six hours, dude. And my friends were all like "Dude, Cartman, we need you to keep playing defense!" Yeah, but I was like "I can't you guys. I twisted my ankle." In the end though, they really needed me to play, so I just played through the pain, you know what I'm sayin'?  Kyle, this is a private conversation. Yeah, it's that kid Kyle again. He's a total boner, always listening in on my calls. Stop listening to my conversation, Kyle! What are you, the NSA?! Lawrence, remember how I was tellin' you the NSA listens to everyone's phone calls and reads all our e-mails? Who is that? Is that Toby? Dude, Toby, are you over at Lawrence's? You're what? What, you say? I'm telling you guys, the government thinks they can do whatever they want, and we don't have any privacy anymore!  Just between you and me, I think everyone is too stupid to see what this is all leading to. Did you guys read "1984"? See, I didn't read it either, but I saw the puppet show version up at Casa Bonita. We have to do something about this! We need to organize a rally!  That'd be what? I know, right?  You guys gonna update your blogs too? Dude, I really can't hear you Lawrence. Are you outside or something? Okay, well put Toby back on the phone! You guys start Googling everyone the directions to the rally site. Toby, are you there, bro? Bro, you gotta um, e-mail Jack about the rally and see if he'll bring petition forms.  Oh heeell NO you didn't just invade my privacy again?! That is the LAST STRAW, Kyle!  Everybody! Everybody hey! Just so you know, we might have an NSA agent right here at our school That just so you know, the government is watching everything you do! Always watching! They say it's to keep us safe! But what price is safety, Kyle?  Dude, they have gone too far this time! There is no doubt the government is tracking me! We're gonna have to put off the rally. Yes, right here. I went to Amazon to see if they had ''Grand Theft Auto V'', and it says, "you might also be interested in the Blu-ray for Star Trek." I'm totally interested in the Blu-ray for Star Trek! How did they know that unless the government is keepin' tabs on mw?!  This is war, bro! Forget the rally, we have to go hard core! Alright, listen. I'm gonna get a job at the NSA, and then I'm gonna put all their secrets up on Twitter. No! Dude, I'm gonna sneak into their headquarters disguised as an employee, and I'm gonna-  Dude, my Twitter account might already be compromised. If I'm gonna infiltrate the NSA and get all their secrets out to the public, then I'm gonna need something better than Twitter. What, they already have something better than Twitter? No! What Alec Baldwin commercial?     Yeah, because the government won't respect my privacy. Just two so far: me and Alec Baldwin.   Yes, I'm here to apply for the NSA job? Bill Clinton. Oh well, must be a clerical mistake, but they are expecting me. I am extremely qualified, sir, and very eager to work.  I was um, sure that the appointment was today. Oh yes. Sooo this is where the government checks up on its citizens.   Hey, so um, as I'm going through people's e-mails and phone calls, um, how do I know which people to start with? Really? How big is my file? Uhh, that us, uhh, yo-you must have a pretty big file on Eric Cartman. All his blogs and e-mails have been watched for quite some time. Uhh trust me, he's not fat and unimportant. I think we need to change his status to "ripped and sweet."  'Scuse me. Excuse me! There's a very important threat to national security! We need to change Eric Cartman's status! Look, I am telling you that you are making a huuuge mistake! Eric Cartman is the NSA's worst nightmare! The Central Computer is wrong! You need to change his status!  Can't do anything?? You're the NSA! I don't know. Get their hands on what?  You think I'm fat and unimportant now?!  I AM Eric Cartman! And I've got news for you! This is all being broadcast LIVE on my Twitter Zeppelin, and on Alec Baldwin's new television show, via Shitter! ["Your secret is out, NSA! And now that everyone knows what you're doing to Santa you can kiss your program goodbye!"] You should have taken me out when you had the chance. Now everyone knows the truth! And everyone's gonna think I'm superkewl!  It didn't work, Mom! I infiltrated the NSA, and I was a whistleblower and I thought everyone would be super-pissed off at what exposed about the government, but nobody cared! Nobody cares if the government is listening in on everything! Nobody cares if Santa Claus is hooked up to a big horrible machiiiine! Well now you just sound like everybody eeeelse?!  It's not gonna be okay because now I'm a whistleblower, and against my conscience I'm gonna have to hide out in Russiaaaa!  I do toooo! Okaaay.  I just want hot tea and codeine, no lemon. ...The fuck are you talking about, Butters?  It's too late for me, Butters. I have to go to Russia and live with the Commie dwarfs. What's this? I can be forgiven? For everything bad I've ever done? And then all I have to do is go back to this place every time I do something wrong and admit it and I'm forgiven again?  Thta's pretty kewl. I do, I love my country! I pledge it! I pledge the fucking allegiance! Boooo!  Boo, Wendy! Boo, Wendy Testaburger, Boo! Boo, Wendy, Boooooo! Boo Wendy. Boooo, Wendy Testaburger, Boooooo!  Boo Wendy! Liar! I'm not booing your opinion, I'm booing your report topic. No one even knows what a refewgee is. Boo, booben, boo. That's more like it. Dude, do you know Aaron Hagen? You should come down to his house. His dad just killed his mom. Boooooooooo. Boooo Wendy Testaburger! Boo! You guys?  You guys, you'd better get over here. Butters' dad killed his mom.  Concerned?! Thanks to you and your stupid app, parents are still watching murder porn, and now they're screwing up Minecraft too!  And why was that?! Because one kid's dad actually went and killed his mom! For all we know, that kid's parents have been doing drugs and cheating on each other for years! Maybe watching murder porn had nothin' to do with it! Boooooo! Boo Wendy, boooo. Alright, we've gotta do something. Something he said. Did you hear him? He said "Ouchie ouchie Mommy raped my nono!" You know, if I'd been caught lying about something, that's exactly what I would have said. Son of a bitch!  Don't you think there are enough griefers in the world without our parents being shown this stuff?! Hey Tolkien!  What's up, bro? "Nothin'" Me neither. Nothin's goin' on. Sucks.  Everything good with you? Sweet.  Hey Jimmy, what are you doin'? Yeah, I'm just hangin' out with Tolkien. Did you know that if it wasn't for African-Americans, we wouldn't have Rock & Roll? So cool that we have a black President.  Dude, um, what are doing after school, Tolkien? You wanna, you wanna hang out?  God you are sooo cool. Alright bro, I'll catch you at recess.  Yeah, I feel great. Why?  Mister!  It's Tolkien. I think he's a ticking time bomb. He's pissed off. Because of something that happened a long time ago but he won't forget. But it wasn't me, it wasn't my fault! No, it's too gay. It would only make things worse. M'kay. Ahah-I'll be m'kay. M'kay. No, Tolkien! Leave Brad Pitt alone! Brad Pitt is fighting zombies! No ah Tolkien, Tolkien! Hey Tolkien? How are you doing? That's awesome. I'm so stoked that we're best friends.  No! My wife, Tolkien! Tolkien, that's my wife! No Tolkien! Stop beating my daughter! NOOO!  Agreed. Hoh boy, here we go.  Tolkien, I wasn't on that jury. Okay? This grudge that you're holding against an entire group of people should be directed at just a few, not at me. Yeah, yeah I do. I think we really had a breakthrough here. It's gonna be okay. I think we're all safe now. <poem><i>Black people say He-ey! </i></poem> <poem><i>Black people say Hey hey hey!  Uh oh, I think the white people are winning! White people got you beat, black people; you'd better represent! Let me hear you say "I don't blame the white people. No no no!"</i></poem> Tolkien, calm down. Oh God here it comes! Get down everybody! Get down now!  Clear the streets! Everyone clear the streets! We've gotta get the fuck out of here!   Driiive! You've gotta driiive! Nooow! Get to an airport! We've got about ten minutes before this entire country is up in flames! If you wanna live, you'd better step on the gas! Oh wait, is this a Tesla? Shit! Well press on the prissy pedal! We're gonna die!!  The outbreak has started! We've gotta get the fuck out of here!  Get on the flight! Let's move! Let's go go go go!  The outbreak's starting! Fly the plane now!  The e-... The end of the world? We've got one shot and one shot only and that's to find a place where the contagion won't reach us! You don't understand. There's no Denver left to go back to!  Not a chance. By now most of the urban cities will be compromised. This whole things from city to city. We need to go somewhere the trend won't take hold. Like Iceland.  Everyone quiet! I have to think! I can't think here. I need a magazine and a toilet.  Nah!   One of them is in the back! Totally fine? Then it hasn't happened yet. Oh my God, we still have time! It's okay. We have reason to believe it hasn't spread yet. His name is Tolkien. I won't do it! He used to be my friend!  Alright. I promise. I won't let the black people riot and destroy the world. We're gonna live through this! Do you hear me?!  Stay by the window! Tell me if anything changes!  I need something that can shoot with complete accuracy from a distance. A person.  Threatening ''all'' of us! What?! How am I supposed to get a person to break into my house?! Stand my ground? Yes yes, that's what I need! I'll take that!  but I can shoot anyone I want in Florida? The other way to stop the outbreak. Tolkien isn't the only Patient Zero. The outbreak won't happen ''if''... we shoot George Zimmerman. We have to get to Florida! Let's go, let's go! Let's move move move move! Let's go! If we don't get to Florida there's not going to be a Baltimore left!  Alight, now let's find Zimmerman. Put this on. We have to stay hidden from here out.  I'm going to flush out Patient Zero. And you're gonna shoot him. It's the only way. Don't worry, nobody can see us wearing black. Hey Tolkien. ...Sup bro? ...How's it goin' dude? I know how it feels now. Dude, I'm saying I'm sorry. Uh oh.  Sounds like you're still angry, Tolkien. Alright Tolkien, come on! This is ridiculous. I know you totally wanna kick my ass right now. You'd like to walk right up and punch me in the face, but what's that gonna solve? I've got a way better idea.  That was, he was on my ground. You all saw that, right? Everything inside the red line is mine.  Ugh! Oh man. The ending to that movie was so terrible. Yeah. So bad. Jury found me innocent, Kyle! You interrupt people when they talk. Oh man!  Oh boy. Yeah Tolkien, that's the law! Everything inside the red line is lava. Tolkien, calm down. Oh God, here we go again!  That's not a crane, it's a dick and balls. That sucks, dude. I said THAT SUCKS, DUDE.  Listen everybody, I uh... I owe Kyle a big apology and I... I wanna do it in fromt of everyone because... ugh... I was wrong, Kyle. I'm afraid that... Kyle and I got into a little disagreement yesterday. Yeah, yeah it's... pretty nasty. And um, I was totally wrong and you were right, Kyle. I thought only humans could be gingers. Is Davin here? Davin Miller?  Oh yeah, there you are. I own an apology to you too, Davin. When Kyle said that humans weren't the only species that can have light skin and freckles I totally laughed in his face. But it turns out Kyle was right: there are other animals that can be ginger as well I didn't believe it. I guess I didn't ''want'' to believe it, but this morning I saw a red-haired light-skinned cow and I owe you, Kyle, and you, Davin, my sincerest apology.  Oh would you- Would you guys like to see it? There! There it is right there, see? A red-headed cow.   You were right, Kyle. A ginger cow. I shall never question your keen intellect again! Yes! Yeah, be sure to get some pictures of it!  What? What joke? This is real! No,  no, you were right, Kyle. I was wrong. Thank you, Butters!  Yeah, be sure to show everyone, guys. It's really amazing. Heheh, too good, too too good. Yes, you're right, Kyle. I'm sure that ''that''... is going to have earth-shattering consequences. Heheheheh.   Well I just ran to the school and told everyone, "Hey, there's a redheaded cow outside; you should all see it." I'm pretty sure that this cow could make ginger cheese, which is like a Swiss cheese, except instead of holes, it has freckles.  Hey Kyle. Y-you got a minute? I've gotta tell you something, Kyle. The red-headed cow... isn't real. I made him up. I totally lied, Kyle. And when you asked me if I had lied, I looked you right in the eye and said "No." I owe you an apology and, I mean it.  No! No, Kyle, you said that it's ''never'' for the best. Remember that? And you're right. You're right, Kyle! But it's not true. Kyle, I'm being serious. I really think I have to tell the truth! I I don't know how I can live with this. I don't think I can unless eh, unless I don't know mm-maybe you c-called your mom a fat skank?  Maybe if you'd said that to your mom and... told her that her tits belonged in a morgue, then, maybe somehow I could live with this lie. You're right. You're right, Kyle. I should just tell the truth and be done with it!   Kyle! Oh my gosh, what did you just say?? Ohh my God!  Ms. Broflovski, are you okay? Does he always talk to you like that?   Oh, looks like most everyone's here. Um, wasn't there something you wanted to say, Kyle? Remember about the...? You what??  Let's see what I can muster up here. Let's see. Oh! Oh!   Oh, Mr. Mackey, could I-Oh, uhhh. Hey, sorry, am I interrupting?  Kyle, are you sure? Well alright.  Hey, I was just about to order some dinner. What sounds better in your mouth tomorrow? Thai or Greek? I care, Kyle. You should have a say in this; they're your yummy farts. Should we go with Thai? You're gonna... come with me... to Israel, Kyle?  Huh? You comin'?  Okay. I want the whole world to see how much you love my farts. Plane leaves tomorrow.  Thank you everyone. It's my honor to have been a part of this... miracle. Isn't that right, Fartboy? Are you sure, Fartboy? I've had a lot of strange food on this trip. Small penis?! No, Kyle, you were right. I see now that little lies can cause huge problems. No, it's not, Kyle. I have a huge dick. Cheer up, Kyle. I'm sure this isn't the first time someone who thought they were suffering for humanity was actually just sucking farts. Hey. How about we get a little dessert, help cheer you up?  Good evening, sir. I'm calling together all the fighters of Zauron. I need to speak with Lady McCormick. Please tell her there is to be a meeting in the Great Hall. I have found a way to get XBox Ones, and the fair Lady McCormick will want to hear about it. Thank you all for coming. Prince Tolkien, Sir Timmy of Blacklake, Lady McCormick . Warriors, we have fought many great battles together. At Clyde's house. At Scott Malkinson's house. But soon we will be fighting the greatest battle of our young hot lives. Winter is coming, and the next gen gaming devices are hitting the shelves. What if I were to tell you that if we all worked together there's a way we ''can'' get the new gaming system. I have learned of a dark magic at work. The day after Thanksgiving, the first thirty people inside the mall get 80% off whatever they want. They are calling it... Black Friday. It ''is'' real, Craig! I saw it on the news, butthole! On our own, none. But if we plan, strategize, and fight together!  ...We can be the first people inside on Black Friday. And use the 80% to get the gaming system we need to survive.  Yes. Yes, very nice. Good.  They don't salute in Game of Thrones, Butters. Okay, we need to start immediately, please.  Ah, very good. The House of Greyhawk has agreed to join our fight! But my friends, we must still find others who will fight by our side! Are there no other factions we can call to our aid? Uhh noo! Screw those guys. They're dorks, and I'm not playing with them. Ah yes, Paladin Butters, are you enjoying it? What do you mean? Iiii believe you might be missing the greater point of the show, Paladin Butters. We have word from the kindergartners. They've agreed to join us!  That's what this is all about, Craig. We're all trying to get XBox Ones on Black Friday.  What? ...Nnnoo. Guys, when I said we're gonna get the next gen gaming systems, I was obviously talking about XBoxes. That's right. We are getting XBox Ones, guys! And that is final! Fine! If you guys don't wanna join us on Black Friday to get XBoxes, then that's fine!  Oh, it's gonna be like that, is it?!  Oh uh, hey guys, what's up?  God these guys are such dorks!  Uh yeah, big dong and prosper. Um, listen guys, uh, uh, you're XBox people, right?  Um, kewl. What if I were to tell you that we have a way for you to join us in getting XBox Ones super cheap. The Federation has agreed to fight with us!  You still think you can convince Stan to come back to our side, don't you, Sir Kyle? You can't change his mind, Sir Kyle. Sony people don't think with logic. He betrayed us. And now we must out-''Game of Thrones'' him by making powerful alliances.  Butters, you seem to be somewhat obsessed with wieners. What new Elmo doll? Lady McCormick, I was hoping I could talk to you about Kyle. I'm not sure if his heart is in the right place. If he were to ever...  it could make Stan's army problematic for us. True, but we can't let Kyle come in the way of what's rightfully ours.  Let's face it, Lady McCormick, this is really about you and me getting XBox Ones. The others are simply there to... help us get inside those doors. You have a strong influence over the rest of the men, Lady McCormick. All I'm saying is when the time comes, I might need you to... use that influence to have Kyle taken care of. Do we understand each other? Fuck you, dude! This is the Garden of Andros! Yes. Good, Federation kids. You're learning to fight with your hands! Keep pushing, kindergartners!  Sir Kyle, I know that Sony's offering a special Brack Friday Bunduru. You know the XBox is still better, right? Sir Kyle, pre-order doesn't mean shit, okay? When you pre-order a game, you're just committing to paying for something that some assholes in California haven't even finished working on yet. You know what you get for pre-ordering a game? A big dick in your mouth. Alright, stop, stop, stop!  There's another army out there who thinks they're better than us, and we are not going to be beat by that traitor whore Kenny! Get back to training!  The men are just inexperienced, Sir Kyle. They need more training. That Goddamn traitor! You know why Kenny's doing this, right? Because he wanted to be a princess, and I wouldn't let him!   Stupid asshole!  Just put the CEO of Microsoft on the phone! Paladin Butters, I was hoping I could talk to you about Lady McCormick. Yeah, whatever. The little prick thinks he's Daenerys Targaryen. I need to know how to deal with him.  How do they deal with the Queen of Dragons in ''Game of Thrones''? Well did you finish watching Season 3 like I asked you? So what happens when the dragons show up? Butter-Butters! The key to our victory is following the ''Game of Thrones'' model exactly. I have to know what happens when the dragons show up so I know how to deal with Kenny. Here's two bus tickets to New Mexico. I want you to take Sir Scott Malkinson and go seek out George R. R. Martin for answers. He's the guy who writes ''Game of Thrones'', Butters! He can let us both know how to handle Kenny, and if we should betray Clyde or not. Let's face it, Butters, this is really about you and me getting XBoxes. The rest are simply there to help us get through those doors.  Do you mind?! We're trying to talk here! Why don't you mind your own business?! Sir Kyle, I wanted to talk to you about Stan. It isn't that. Princess Kenny is loved by her army  grounded? That could be up to you. Fine, Sir Kyle. Perhaps you're right.  Did you know that Stan's dad is working a temp job as mall security? Seems a little convenient, doesn't it?  Stan with somebody on the inside to help him get his PS4s. Who's playing dirty now? Let's face it, Sir Kyle, this is really about you and me getting XBoxes. The rest are simply there to help us get through those doors. Dude, you'd better stop harassing me or I'm callin' the cops! Yeah! Well go ahead! Call the fuckin' cops then! Hi, is Kenny home? Forward, men!  I seek audience with the traitor, Lady McCormick? You can't win this, guys. Look around you. Lay down your weapons, and you can come back and fight for XBoxes with us on Black Friday. Kenny, we all understand wanting to play as the chick once in a while, 'kay? But you are never going to be a real princess! That doesn't even make sense. You're outnumbered ten to one, and there's no time left! How will you win?!  Mr. Gates, I was hoping I could talk to you about the fight on Friday. Uhh, it's my Lord Wizard King, actually. Having your leadership has certainly been a help.  There can only be one person of royalty; that's kind of the rules. Your CEOs? Uhhh, hmmm. What? Why don't you stay the fuck out of my business?!  He did what?? He flew down in a parachute and he what?? Because, because what? Because he's cute? But what does he do besides that he's cute?! Tell Bill Gates to suck my ass, Mom!  He's not a princess, he's a DUDE! So what are you saying, Kyle?! Alright. on behalf of the XBox fighters of Zaron we hereby lay down our arms and give up, okay? Shut up, Craig! This is very difficult! You guys win, alright?! We'll all play on PlayStation 4s! We still think XBox is the superior machine, but you got too many people on your side, and then Kenny became a Japanese princess. We know a way inside the Red Robin.  You don't think you're the only ones that thought of it. We were going to use the Red Robin entrance too, and we figured out how.  Kenny-chan, please come home at once. Our two houses have found peace. Come to the Red Robin wedding, and we will accept you as the princess you are. Yours truly, the Wizard King. Sir Stan, I was hoping I could talk to you about the wedding. I think it's best that when the time comes for the mall to open, we should stay back a bit from the doors.  Well, think about it.  The first people inside are gonna have to take on the brunt of the holiday shoppers from the main entrance. It's best we let Butters and Scott Malkinson go first. While they fight, we can simply slip on by. Yes, that's true, but, let's face Sir Stan. This is all about you and me getting PlayStations. The rest are simply there to help us... get through- Dude! Dude! Dude, shut the fuck up! He's just this old crazy guy who gets pissed off because I'm in his garden all the time. God damn it, shut up! Well why don't you just tell the whole world everything, huh?! Why don't you tell everyone what ''Prometheus'' was about while you're at it?! Dude, we're not gonna betray you. Come on! Did you see ''Prometheus''? I don't think the writers even knew what that was about.  You're a fuckin' asshole! I'll shit in your fuckin' garden! Okay, cool, could we set up the two long tables here, like, facing each other, and then another one for the bride and groom back there? Oh uum, Tom Hanks aaand Beyoncé. Yesh, kewl. Well, clearly she wouldn't be marrying Tom Hanks at Red Robin if she was. Has anyone heard from Butters and Scott Malkinson? The fuck are they? Yes, he did.  It's fine, Kyle. Everything's been taken care of. Stan won't be telling anybody anything... ever again. What had to be done so that we can play our games on XBoxes, Kyle! Everyone! Everyone, a Black Friday toast. How awesome that we are all friends again. Our two houses brought together. Soon we will all have our PlayStation 4s.  And to you, my old friend, Princess Kenny. You really look stunning. No doubt the gods have smiled down upon your perky boobs. Now, if you'll excuse my, my lady, I need to take a shit.  What have you found out? Oh okay, that could be a while.  All our men are ready. When the mall opens, blow the whistle. We'll rush through the doors and lock the Sony dorks inside. Alright, now I really do need to take a shit. Clyde? Where the hell is Clyde? Clyde? What the hell is this?! Sir Kyle, they're about to open the mall! What are you doing?! Kyle, the PlayStation controller sucks and you know it! Oho! Bill Gates! Sweet! In your face, Kyle! They're not a part of your betrayal? No. Whose betrayal is this?  Oh dude, this is pretty sweet.  Yay, XBox wins. We'd like to get XBox Ones please. The interface is pretty cool. See, I told you guys, it's really a... it's a seamless interface. You guys wanna p-play outside or something?  I just... I can't get the image of Bill Gates... bashing that guy's head apart out of my eyes. The last two weeks we've been too busy to play video games and, look at what we did. There's been drama, action, romance... I mean honestly you guys, do we need video games to play? Maybe we started to rely on Microsoft and Sony so much that we forgot that all we need to play are the simplest things. Like, like this.  We could just play with this. Screw video games, dude! Who fuckin' needs them?!  Fuck 'em! You guys, come on. That's not kewl. You shouldn't rip on her because she's fat. You should rip on her 'cause she's ugly. Okay? She looks like someone hit her in the face with a hot shovel, and that's why she sucks, alright?  Uh oh. I saw that picture of her you put on the Internet. Uh, Butters, I don't know how to tell you this, but Lisa Berger is going out with Clyde. Dude, since like, noon or 12:30 today.  Whoa, look at Bebe!  I had no idea Bebe was that hot. Did you not see Erica Smith's boobs, Kyle? They're like perfect water balloons. How many hours were you guys playing? You were playing football? Is that that same kid? Yeah yeah, you said that. Me and Toby are ditching school! I don't think so. That'd be cool. That'd be COOL. I said I got your tweet and the address! They're spying on you? Like what? Naw, don't do that. You need that new thing where you don't need to type. You haven't seen the Alec Baldwin commercial? My dad says the government keeps a database on everyone. Yeah. Yeah, we're ditching school. Yeah, I'm here, bro. Ww-ww-what's the N-S-A? The government watches everything we do? Hello?? Hey Government... It's me... Butters. Ah I just wanna say, well, well, thanks for watching over me and, and doin' everything you do. ...An and please watch over Mommy, and Daddy, ah an and my friends Stan and Kyle, Craig and Tolkien, and and even ol' Eric Cartman. Uh I know he can be a meanie sometimes, but please watch over him too. Goodnight, Government.  Oh my God. Oh my God they say me. They saw me and they're gonna be so angry! Maybe they didn't see me. No! No, they saw me, they see everything! I did something really bad. Really really bad.  Oh God, uh... but my parents always told me, "If you do somethin' horrible, then you have to admit it to your protector, so that you can have forgiveness." Are these people nice? Oh Jeez.  And I, I was at Barnes & Noble with my mom, and while she was looking for a book I, I saw this picture of Jennifer Lawrence in a magazine. Um it and I, well, I cut the picture out of the magazine while no one was lookin'. Dirty whore! I took the picture home with me and I, and-I, I cut Jennifer Lawrence's mouth out with scissors and then I... well I put my wiener through the hole. I have no idea why!! How can I atone for it?! I already said the Pledge of Allegiance 50 times! And I sang "My Country Tis Of Thee" 100 times! And I watches "America's Got Talent" twice! What else can I do? Sure, I love the Truth. Wull what's a Jehovah's Witness. Oh my goodness! Your little cartoon has a girl on fire! Oh, you shouldn't be handing out drawings like that, ma'am. Uh, don't you know that the government is watching you? Can I ask you something? When was the last time you went to your local DMV? Oh, you can walk there. Trust me, you've gotta go to the DMV. It's incredible! See, I was like you once. Afraid, unsure, and doin' stuff I shouldn't do like showin' people pictures of little girls with their heads on fire. But you know what I've learned? That just goin' to the DMV, and letting go of all my wrongdoings, filled me with a joy I've felt nowhere else! Would you like to read some DMV literature?  Hello, Craig. How would you like to know the Truth? We're just goin' through the neighborhood an' seein' if you've accepted the government into your heart. You see, Craig, once I came clean with the government, I no longer had anything to hide. Then I found peace. Have you read any DMV literature? Well, there's a lot of interesting stuff in here, Craig. There's even some quotes from President Obama.  Could you read this part out lout? Yeah. Whattaya think President Obama means when he says that? Well, ''we'' believe that he means the government loves you, and it wants to forgive you if you just let the government into your heart. Uh huh.  Uh, I don't think I really followed all that. Congratulations, Brother! How do you feel?  I pledge allegiance. Hello. How would you like to know the Truth? It's time to let go, Eric. Don't you see there's no other way? Just let the government into your heart.  Your government doesn't listen in on you to punish you, your government just wants you to be honest about your mistakes. Yes. Yes! That's right. We've got a new member today! Eric Cartman, do you love your country?! Do you pledge allegiance to the Flag?! Hallelujah! Murder porn? I called the networks that are putting this smut out there, and you know what they told me?! They told me if I didn't want my parents watchin', then I should spend more time with them! Like it's ''my'' fault!  I was out by the lake last night and I saw my dad out in this field. He was harvesting sugarcane. It didn't make any sense because he was trying to harvest the sugarcane with a hammer. I saw him take my mom up to the top of this big... thing he had built, and he yelled "Hey, watch out for the Creepers!" but she ''fell''! Yeah. And then my dad just went berserk and came over and picked me up and threw me down a well!  I was trapped down there all night! I finally found a ladder and I was able to hoist myself out and there was my dad... frozen in the lake! It was like he had no idea how to swim out of it! Oh God it was so terrible! It was so terrible! Huh? Yes. Oh boy! Zombie apocalypse! Holy Moly. Well, at least I'll bet Tolkien's glad it's over with. Aren't you, Tolkien?  Heheh, yeah.  Whoa, look at it! Boy Eric, I sure do admire your courage to admit when you made a mistake. Let's go get the kindergartners. Uh they're gonna wanna see this too!  Hohoh! What'd you do, Kyle? Busted! Just stop, please. Woo, spooky.   Uh, sorry, I haven't watched it yet. Well Wizard Cartman, I started watching Game of Thrones. Well it's it's pretty good, I guess, but have you ever noticed that almost every time they show a guy's wiener, that guy's character is gay? Well ih-it's just that they have a lot of girls' boobs and vagina's and stuff, but most times they show a man's wiener, it's because that guy's in a love scene with another guy. Do you think it's because gay wieners are less threatening to women viewers? Yeah, I know. Winter is comin' and there's dragons and zombies on the way. I'm pretty excited for that. Just could do with a little less gay wiener is all. Oh don't even get me started! I keep watchin' that show and I'm waitin' for the darn dragon to show up and, and kick everyone's butt! But all I get is wiener, wiener, wiener. It's not all gay wiener, but when they DO show a straight guy's wiener, it's all soft and floppy. Even though he just got done humpin' a pretty girl! Why is that? Because a soft wiener isn't threatening, just like a gay wiener.  ''I'm'' obsessed with wieners? Well what about HBO?  Yeah! You mean Princess Kenny, m'lord? They don't! Yeah, I finished it! Nothing! The dragons are just still on their way! They keep promising dragons, but all I get are more floppy wieners in my face! Wha-what do you want ''me'' to do? Who's George R. R. Martin? Well come on, Scott. You're lagging. Let's just talk to this guy, and then we can hit a McDonald's. Oh here we go. 2217.  Hello? Is this George R. R. Martin's house? Uhhhh, it's two kids who want to know what happens when the dragons show up?  Hello? We're not fans! We don't like it! And I'm pretty pissed off, if you wanna know the truth! Let me talk to George R. R. Martin, and I'll tell him about what!  Uh no sir, we just really need to know about the dragons, but they never seem to show up. When?  Please. It's urgent. No, uhno, can we skip the wiener stuff and just get to the dragons? Uh what's the matter, Scott? He's diabetic. Oh. Okay, thanks. OOAH! Uh, sir, you said pizzas were coming! But you said they were on their way like three hours ago!   Listen, buddy! You promised that pizzas were on the way! If they don't show up right now, you're gonna have a dead kid in your hands! Do you hear me?! What kind do we want?! Come on, Scott! We're leaving!  NO! Black Friday is about to happen, and my friends and I have to be the first ones inside the mall to get XBoxes! Whatoyou mean? Now just hold on a minute! Well I'm pretty darned sure the fastest way back to Colorado isn't on horseback! What's that?  Hey, fellas. What did I miss?  The graphics are definitely like 10% better than the old XBox.  Yeah, and if you believe that I've got a big floppy wiener to dangle in your face! So then, ah, the fella with the mustache eats all the cupcakes, and the lady takes out a gun and puts it in his face and she says "I"-  Oh. Yes? Oh. Oh like a date? Oh no thanks, Lisa. I really appreciate the offer, but you're too fat for me. See ya, Lisa!  Oh. Hey, Wendy. Am I just an asshole? Well, m-no. I've got arms and legs; I've got everything. Ah, I think she's a nice girl too. She's just too big for me. Well Kim Kardashian is skinny and she just had a baby! I'm sorry, Wendy, but I have a different standard when it comes to my women.  I want a woman who takes care of herself and knows how to look good, who's got perfect skin and no splotches on her legs, and perfect everything. You're a liar! You did! You said Kim was short, fat, and hairy with big feet and she's a hobbit! Oh, she said it again! Oh no, you don't, Wendy! You're not trappin' me inside the computer lab to beat me up! Well, alright, but if you try to punch me, I'll scream!  Okay. That's Lisa Berger? She's pretty! Hold on. Are you saying that girl wants to go out with me? And I said no? Oh man, I gotta upload this  Lisa? Lisa Berger? Anybody seen Lisa Berger?  Oh hey, Eric. Have you seen Lisa Berger anywhere? II know! I'm gonna tell her I love her, and we're gonna be together and be happy forever. What?! Well since when? No way! Go back to Annie Nelson! She's built like a Slim Jim!  I do love water balloons.  Hello. I'm Alec Baldwin, and I love social media.       Some little faggot in my head. Hi everybody, and welcome to my new show on MSNBC, "Free Pass with Alec Baldwin" What's Shitter? How many people are ''on'' Shitter? The police found hours and hours of murder porn on the Hagens' DVR. What more proof do we need?! Why did we agree to that stupid app?! Which nobody can afford.  How about we ask those kids who play Star Trek? Just find out who they're loyal to. The Sony people might not be our biggest problem. Twitter says they're introducing a new Elmo doll this Christmas. Apparently, he stopped Microsoft from blockading the shipment of PS4s to the mall. Looks like he's all over the place winning the console wars for Sony. Nobody saw that coming. The mall isn't open yet. They're waiting for George R. R. Martin to come cut the ribbon. At least she didn't try to sit on him.  Hey, Tolkien. Tolkien, check out my girlfriend.  Yeah, we just started dating seriously.  You wanna meet my new girlfriend, Tweek? Yeah, I know.  Oh, thanks, guys.  It's okay, babe. Girls who don't have what you have are always going to put you down.  Uh, my bitch is still the hottest, you guys. Wow. You guys are watchin' murder porn? Okaaay.  What's up dude? Uh, yeah, the first grader? What?! What happened?  What? You guys don't need to be watching that stuff.  That's impossible. Are you guys sure you set it up right? What? Butters, what happened? In Minecraft. Whattaya mean? It's true, dude. Maybe we just need to trust that our parents won't act out what they see.  Look dude, we're trying to keep our parents away from graphic television shows! This could be a matter of life and death! What, dude? So? Aha!  You have no idea what this is about, do you?! We were using Minecraft to block our parents from watching spousal homicide shows! No no,  just ''ID Network, A&E, Oxygen,'' and ''Oprah's network.'' All the ones with murder porn. Look, can you unpackage them so we only get the channels we want? We want specific networks dropped from our cable. No, that's way too long! Goddammit, I just don't want my parents to murder each other!  Can't you see that all we're trying to do is keep our families safe? Look, ah I don't know if seeing couples murder each other on television is gonna make my parents do it, and we probably won't be able to stop them from watching what they wanna watch. All we're trying to do is make it a little more difficult for them. Because cable makes is so convenient. Sure, if they didn't have easy access to their murder porn channels, they'd be bummed out, but it's not just our responsibility to give them what they want. Is it? What? I said it's not our responsibility to give them what they want. I... said it would really bum them out. Well then maybe you should go live with Jaden Smith, Dad. Is he doing it again? Cartman, are you feeling alright? That sure wasn't much of a zombie apocalypse. He doesn't ever want to play with you anymore? How come you're carrying Cartman's stuff?  What the fuck? Hey Kyle. Kyle, there's peace in the Middle East. They're saying maybe it's gonna lead to peace all over the world. Everyone's really happy. You should be too. ...Dude, we've been friends a long time. Can you just tell me why you like Cartman's farts so much? You like... how they smell? How they taste? They're really that good? Should I try them? ...Kyle, maybe you should get some help. I don't get it, Kenny. Well whatever it is, we have to figure it out. I think all those farts are starting to get to Kyle's head. Kyle, don't do this. Don't eat Cartman's farts in front of the whole world. Hey Kyle. Um, dude, we need to talk. This has to stop. If you wanna suck farts, Kyle, that's fine. Go ahead. But you can't suck farts and be a dick about it. All of a sudden you seem to think you're above everyone else! See? You sound like a dick. Dick! That's a dick talking! You've had too much of Cartman's farts and you got sulphur poisoning, and now you're a dick. I don't think Kyle really loves Cartman's farts. There's something else going on. This all started with the stupid peace in the Middle East, Kenny. For some reason it's making Kyle crazy. We've gotta get to the bottom of this! Yes, there's something that you all need to know. The truth about the red cow. We have all been  Hello? No, dude, you don't understand. Cartman hasn't been telling the truth! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Well, I'm not okay with it, 'cause it's turned you into a dick, Kyle! You know, I don't think when Gandhi starved himself he was all "Dude, look how fuckin' awesome I am for starving. Check me out!" You should apologize to Kenny too. The red cow... I saw it too. Ih it came down from the sky in a flash of light. It ''was'' a miracle.  It ''is'' real. They do it every year. But everyone in town tries to be the first inside the mall on Black Friday. What chance do we have? The House of Greyhawk? I like the PS4's controller better.  because that's how XBox people are.  If I see you at the mall, Kyle, I will have to try to beat you inside. We come seeking your help. Do you side with those wanting XBoxe's, or will you join us on Black Friday and fight for PS4s? Then join us! We need people to help us be the first 20 inside the mall! No, you can't do that! Don't you see this is about more than Black Friday? Battle lines are being drawn! If you wait it out, but everyone else has already decided to go with XBox, then, that will become the standard! The PS4 would be like Betamax was to VHS. Exactly! ...Look, we're just asking people who want to play on PS4s to fight for what they believe in! And who do we have on our side? Did you ask the Vamp kids?  So we're just gonna let other kids decide which game system we all play on? What would they do on Game of Thrones? What would they do when things look their darkest? When we started this fight... it was because we were tired of XBox people telling us Playstation sucks! Now... we have an army of our own!  Let them pass!   The Princess says that if you wanna change your mind and agree that Playstations are better, she'll consider it. The Princess calls you a ball-licking lesbian. What ''I'' started? How dare you! I would rather game with Craig than spend one minute having to set up an XBox Live account! We will get our PlayStations tomorrow, and you buttholes will have nothing! The gods will find us a way! Alright, guys, here's the deal: the main entrance to the mall is already blocked by thousands of waiting shoppers. The kids who want XBoxes plan to flank from the left, here.  The key to us being the first ones inside is taking over the Red Robin before Black Friday starts. I have no idea. Yes? What?  So, better a PS4 than nothing, is that it? I think we'll take our chances on our own.  And you swear you'll be okay with that? You won't talk about the XBox being better ever again?  Yeah, sure, what about it? Why? Oh, okay I guess that makes sense, but... Butters and Scott won't be able to get their PS4s. Who is that? Did Kyle know about this? Did Kyle know about this?!  Get out of here! You completely betrayed the last bit of friendship we still had.  I didn't even know he was working at the mall, Kyle! ...But you couldn't just ask me. Because XBox people... don't care about the truth. They just care about seamless multimedia connectivity. You don't understand. I'm never playing Call of Duty with you again. Get out of here! I'm done with you!  We're done with betrayals! It's time to put an end to this! I appreciate what you're trying to do, Kyle, but I have a better idea! This isn't our war, you guys! It never was. We've been pitted against each other by two companies for the sake of marketing. That's why they want lines around the block.  Then you fucking fight!  Yay. Yes, it is. Yeah, I know what you mean. Well look, guys, XBox won the console wars, I mean, what are we gonna do? Not play video games? Yeah, dude, she looks amazing. Clyde sent me her pics.  She got really hot all of a sudden. Oh, hey, Wendy. Clyde sent me these. Don't be jel. She looks pretty hot here. Hey, Wendy, uh, can I ask you a big favor? A lot of the pictures I have of you are kind of outdated, and um, you know, I wanna be able to show everyone how pretty you are. Wendy, why is it such a big deal?   Next! Why not a thousand "Livin' In America"s? DMV people? They're the meanest people on planet Earth. Get inside.  Get inside!  Eh?! Can I help you sir? All right, and your name?  I don't see you on the list, Mr. Clinton. What have you got, Patricia? That's quite alright. The NSA needs all the help it can get. Come on upstairs and I'll show you around, see if you're fit for the job. Right this way, Bill. Welcome to the NSA main office. There's a lot of people working here at the NSA. Good people, people who just wanna keep America safe. Only problem is, checking all those e-mails, Twitter accounts, and surveilling all those phone calls can take a lot of manpower.  Uh, this man says he has an interview for a job, sir? Hello sir. My colleague and I are going through the neighborhood and seeing if you'd like to know the Truth.  Okay, we from uh Jehovah Witness. We Kingdom Hall Jehovah Witness, and uh, we believe, sir, that uh many people interpret the Bible it wrong. We are, sir. We believe the, the Truth. I was once like you. I knew not what to believe, then I let my pulvy the Jehovah into the heart. Yes, because uh Jehovah will bring judgement against all who perish like the little girl will burn in fire. The government ih watching me? He said the government ih watching us.  How long they been watching us?  I don't go to DMV. I don't have car. My colleague and I, we went to saaah experience at DMV. We went to DMV, we admit all our shortcomings an sins and uh make a tital wave of peace and serenity with the truth stored inside our heart. Yes sir.  See, i used to be like you. I go around sending them nasty e-mails and a nasty texts, puttin' nasty picture on my nasty Facebook. But then I realized, all these things, they live forever, because the government keep a file on us. So all that live forever up in what they call the Clou'. It's a government term. If they could put a file in the Clou', then I wanna make sure I come clean about the bad ones and maybe get those things off my record off the Clou'. Because we all live forever in the Clou'. Wansa? Hi now? Hey Joe? Sir, you might wanna check this out. Thirty-two-year-old pizza delivery man. He just put it on his Twitter account that he hates America and wants to blow up the Lincoln Memorial.  Whatchoo got, Miller. ...Alright, keep an eye on them. Let me know if anything changes.  It's a never-ending grind here at the NSA, and it seems there's never enough detectives to keep track of everyone.  Sergeant! What have you got, Larson. Alright, keep an eye on all three of them. If you think you got the stomach for this, then we can definitely use your help, young man. What have you got? We wanna talk to you about some tweets you've been tweeting. Yeah, we've heard of that. We've also heard of the Declaration of Independence. See, there's a lot of people out there who think like you, people who think their government doesn't have the right to go around poking their noses in the e-mails of its citizens. That is, until a plane flies into a couple of towers and a little girl loses her life. You wanna live in the Land of the Free and the Home of the Brave, but the brave can't be free if the land isn't home, and that land won't be home so long as folks out there wanna take that American flag and shove it so far up your anus that you crap stars and stripes for a week, and as you're sittin' there on the toilet with the Star-Spangled Montezuma's Revenge there's one thing I ''can'' guarantee you. You won't care who's checkin' your Twitter account then.  Got a 24-year-old male in Albuquerque. He just e-mailed his wife and asked if she could go to the store after work. Then he called the fitness center to set up a membership. He liked the fitness center, so he tweeted his friends that they should try it out. Will do. Got a seventeen-year-old female down in Jacksonville. She called her friend and asked her if she wanted to see the Percy Jackson movie. Then she e-mailed her mom at work and asked if it was okay. The mom said yes, but called her husband first to make sure there weren't any dinner plans. Will do.  Well well, the NSA. I should've known. Hey man, I was just blowin' smoke. Say, what right does the government have reading my private e-mails anyway?! Haven't you squares heard of the Constitution? Yeah? What's that? ...I never thought of it that way. Hey Phillip! Pull my finger!  ...The truth about what? ...Aahhhh, no, I don't think so. ...Okay.  Aaaaaaaaaaaahh, no.  Your local DMV is funded by your tax dollars to be efficient and proficient. I have no idea. It's true. I walked in on my parents watching Marital Murder Mayhem. They broke the parental lock somehow. I spent three hours last night trying to get Tweek's parents to stop griefing my castle! When I finally got away from them, I found they had taken all my dandelions! Where did you find a red-haired cow?  Wow, that's pretty trippy. I gotta show this to my mom!  Dude, what the hell are you talking about? Well now he just sounds like a self-righteous asshole. Black Friday? Come on, that can't be real. Wait, wait. What are you talking about, XBox Ones?  I thought we were getting Playstation 4's. Right. Let's all get PS4s.  That's exactly how XBox people are! We're still gonna fight on Black Friday, just not with you! Everyone who wants to get PS4s, join with us!  Word is that the sixth graders all prefer XBox too, and will team up with Cartman as well. They're still undecided. We're just a dying breed, Stan. XBox is going to win this whole thing. Wow, Kenny's a Japanese princess. At Red Robin? So how do we take over Black Robin? Haha. Hey, that could work. Haha, Butters got asked out by a fat girl. Hey, Clyde. Nice score, dude. Yeah, but did you see Tolkien's girlfriend?  What is that voice? Pretty simple. Everyone has a file. People who have a status of "threat", "possible threat", or "person of interest" are the ones we really wanna look at. Jarvis, what have we got on an "Eric Cartman"? Any files on Eric Cartman. The more we pay attention to them, the bigger their file becomes. Huh? Ohhh yeah, we tracked him for a little bit, but Central Computer designated his status as "fat and unimportant." And that's when I masturbated to ''Game of Thrones''. I know it was wrong to masturbate, and I know it was especially wrong to masturbate while on duty. But I am done forever with ''Game of Thrones''. Forever Thank you.  I, I feel really good. What the?  Why do these people keep coming here? Next, please!   Yaaaaaay.  To the flag of the United States of America, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation, under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.  Yaaaaay! Wow, those people over there seem like they're havin' fun.   What the hell is going on here?! This is the DMV! There will be no joy here!  No... No, leave them alone. It's a nice change to see people happy here at the DMV.  Perhaps we here at the DMV can start changing as well. Perhaps instead of treating people badly we can offer them comfort and hope. Why, the DMV can be a place where people come to get things off their chests. Confess, yes, but also be told that they're worth something in this world! And then, DMVs everywhere can become a place where people feel safe. And when they do something wrong we can offer forgiveness! Don't you see what this could lead to? Don't you see what we could become?? Uh people keep showing up and telling us what they did wrong. Hey, I'm just trying to renew my license. How much longer do I gotta wait?  Not according to the Central Computer. Sorry,  There's 300 million people out there. How do you think we're able to keep track of every single person in the country? How do you think we're able to really know who's doing what? Alright, I'll show you. But this is very top security stuff, because if people knew how we did it, then everyone would do it. Then our enemies would do it. We can't let our enemies get their hands on this. This is how we know who's a threat and who's not. How we know who's sleeping and who's awake.  How we know that... Eric, honey, what's the matter? I know that the NSA is torturing Santa, sweetie. But they're keeping us safe. Honey, it's okay. No, you don't have to fly to Russia, hon. No, it will be fine. How about I make you some hot tea with lemon and codeine? Okay, hon.  Sweetie, Bill Gates is on the phone for you. Do you want us to kick them out of here, Lar? The DMV was shut down today after rampant allegations of sex with young boys.  We've just received word that the US Postal service has been shut down due to rampant allegations of sex with young boys. It now appears that the only people who can be trusted with confessions and guidance is your local news station. WMZ News will be back in... a young boy.  Unless we come together as a country and realize that refugees from Syria should be considered in need-  Refugees from Syria should be considered in need of international protection.  The vast majority of refugees from Syria are likely to meet refugee status criteria and issued benefits from- Instead of booing my opinion, why don't you make a constructive argument?! Mr. Garrison, can you do something about this, please?  Mr. Garrison?!  This is the result of a broken society in which profits come before morals! I have to agree with Cartman. Maybe we overreacted when our parents- Cheer Squad roll call!  You guys, stop it! Okay, Lisa, that's great. But you need to have more confidence, okay? What? See, that's the problem, Lisa. You have a bad self-image. Just project all your sassiness to all the boys out there, okay? But, Lisa, that's great! Have you told Butters that you like him? Lisa, this is exactly what you need! Take Butters to see a movie or something! It'll do wonders for your confidence!  What the fuck is your problem?! Are you just an asshole?! Is that it?! Yeah! Lisa Berger asked you out and you called her fat?! Do you have any idea how you made her feel?! She's a really nice girl! She's a little overweight, but that's pretty normal for a girl in the fourth grade! What?!  This is a fantasy, you moron! You ever heard of Photoshop?! Kim Kardashian is a short, overweight woman who manipulates her image and makes average girls feel horrible about themselves! Look it up, stupid!   Oh, good. Lisa Berger told on you? Good! ...Are you serious? That's not his girlfriend! It's Kim Kardashian! Right, but she's not in real life. She's a hobbit. I'm not "jel", and I happen to be the biggest feminist at this school! Butters. Butters, come here for a sec. Butters, will you please let me show you something, so we can put this behind us? I want you to see just how easy this is so we can better understand each other. This is Lisa Berger's class photo, right? Now, first thing we do is Photoshop the bulges on her sides , and, there.'' Do you see what I'm talking about? That's how people like Kim Kardashian destroy the self-mage of little girls everywhere. What? What do you mean? Butters! Excuse me! Why would I be jel? She's not hot! That's supposed to be the point! Lisa Berger is NOT HOT! She's fat and ugly!   I'm sorry. It's nothing personal, Lisa. I am not jelly! I made that picture of you to prove a point, and it's being taken the wrong way! Mr. Mackey, I was trying to show kids that- Jelly school? Mr. Mackey, I appreciate the point you're trying to make. Yes, I'm... I'm a few steps ahead of that, yes. Thank you, Mr. Mackey, I will... change. Cheer Squad roll call!  And I'm your captain, Wendy!  I won't do it, you guys! I'm sorry! Because it's wrong! If you guys aren't happy with the way you look, then that's your problem!   What? So you want a Photoshopped picture of me to take away any imperfections, is that it?! How DARE you, Stan?! Because people should be okay with the way they look! I have pimples on my forehead! My bottom teeth are crooked! So what?! You have short legs. Yeah.  Oh God damn it! Ugh!  Wendy. Let's just get back to cheering, okay?! See, the problem with having fake pictures of yourself is that you start to believe in your own bullshit! This has gone way too far!  And if society won't fix it, I will!  Watching what Photoshop is doing to society... Little girls are aspiring to have bodies they can't possibly have! We have to put a stop to it. ...Nooo.  Not lately, no. NO. That has nothing to do with me wanting to protest against Photoshopped images! That's not a jelly school, that's a Dunkin' Donuts! That's fine!  People can call me whatever names they want to! I don't care! There is a cancer in our country, and I'm not going to rest until Photoshopped images are required to be labeled for what they are! Fake! And nothing in this world is going to stop me! Agh! What do you want? Ah, ah I'm sorry. I'm sorry that I have been jelly. No no, I've been a hater, and I really am sorry.  let's have uh, Peter Mullen. Mr. Mackey, can he just go talk to the principal? Okay, kids, there have been some hurtful and hateful things being said around this school, and so we are gonna hear from a guest speaker. Here to explain why Kim Kardashian is not a hobbit, please welcome, Aquaman.  My report is on the vile and despicable trash that our parents are watching on television. Fellow students: there is a plague of smut on our cable boxes!  murder porn! According to the Nielsen ratings, viewership in shows like "Cold Case Files," "Dateline: Murder," and "Deadly Affairs" is skyrocketing amongst married couples. The increased viewership has brought about a whole new slew of shows that use graphic sex, and innuendo, to make spousal murder more titillating. Shows like "Southern Fried Homicide," "Sinful Secrets," "On The Case with Paula Zahn." And it's all smut and it's garbage and it's  Oh crap, who could that be-?! Oh it's, it's, probably fuckin' Stan! Ah, hang on a second bud.  ...Murder porn? Stan, this is just an investigative crime show. Yes Stan, these are based on real things. This is like news. It's informative. Parents like informative stuff. Oh we missed the murder! Did he cut them up?! Oh yeah!  Three of the best shows in a row! Yeah, I got lube right here. Yeah-hah!  What the?  Yeah, hi, uhh, we aren't getting our informative murder porn. No, no, none of our channels that have informative murder porn appear to be working. Yeah, the screen just says "How do you tame a horse in Minecraft?" Uhhh yes, we do have children. A what? A parental lock? Stan. Stan!  How do you tame a horse in Minecraft? What is Minecraft and how do you tame a horse in it?! Oh come on! You can't block your parents from watching informative murder porn! What? You, you think if we watch shows about married people killing each other all the time we're gonna go out and do it?! That's stupid!  It's all right. Our kids think they've outsmarted us, but we're the ones who pay the cable company!  What'd they say? Can they remove the parental lock? What?! We'll see about this!  Excuse me, our content is being blocked and we need it now! Look, if our kids can block content, then you must be able to block them!  Oh. Well okay, great. NO, I can't wait around my house from 6 am to 3 pm all of November! I can't afford DirecTV. No, just the usual cable-company stuff. I've tried! It's not like other video games. I really don't get it. It was all retro and like Legos, but, then a bunch of kids online called me a griefer and kicked me off. Hi. Corey Lanskin? We heard that... you're willing to teach Minecraft to adults? Look, we were told that you were available for hire and we're ''desperate''! We have a hundred ounces of silver.  Why, why would we punch trees?  Watching informative murder porn? Puh, punching trees? Oh, I see. So when does the game start? ...I don't get it. Yes ah, I'm getting it now. No.  I almost got it, Sharon. I found out where the horse is; now I just gotta figure out how to tame one. Sharon, I miss being intimate with you! Everything was so passionate and then it just... dropped off. I feel like we're losing our bond. No, ''I'' know, but it's like we're just good friends. A marriage has to be more than that! A marriage has to include fulfillment of fantasy and desire sometimes. Magma cube? What the hell is a magma cube? Okay, I'll wake you up if we get our murder porn back. Yes? No, what happened? Punched his trees, huh? Huh.  That's weird. I was just playing Mi- mmmmuh... my banjo. Will do, officer. Will... do...   Huhuh. Oh nice one, Stotch! Your castle fuckin' sucks! Jaden Smith lets his parents do whatever they want. You know what? The guys at work, they took a bet on who would win in a fight, you or Jaden Smith, and they all said Jaden Smith could kick your ass! He does movies and he can sing, and he's totally cool to his parents!  Oh crap. Sharon, I'm I'm sorry.   No, no, you're right, Sharon. We don't need informative murder porn to find passion in our marriage. We just have to get the spark back. Let's go away somewhere, me and you! Somewhere exciting and beautiful where we can just focus on us. Sharon? Heh, hey Sharon, are you here? It's beautiful, isn't it? Come on ever here, I built us a fire. Look what I got you.  Just thought I'd surprise you. And there's more where that came from. Oh yeah? What's that?  Jesus, you stuck a pick axe right in my skull! Felt great? Well, hold on, stay by the lake. I wanna kill ''you'' now. That felt so good! Okay, hang on. Yeah, okay, I'm headin' there now. OH! Ohoho, you bitch!  Ohohunh. I love you too babe.  OH! I'm just trying to earn some extra holiday cash.  So you worked here last winter? You worked on Black Friday?  Is it really as bad as they say it is?  Please to put a penny in the old man's-  Oh hey Sharon. You're up, huh? I uh... alright, look: I took a temp job at the mall. I just wanted to make some extra holiday cash. I did, Sharon.  I saw they were hiring extra security, and I thought it'd be a good way to make money.  Nobody else has thought of it, Sharon. I won't even be out in the crowd. I'll be on the inside when the doors open. While everyone is trying to run over each other, I'll turn around and run right into the stores. I'll be the first to get whatever I want! Winter is coming, Sharon, and I'm a sneaky little bee.  Morning, Joe, Marcus. What is it? Seventy-inch television. Huh that would be good. Oooo, but 80% off a computer. Huh, maybe I'll be able to snag both. Whoa! Haha.  Yes sir! No, I was just uh, looking at all these great things I can't afford, heh. You-d, you do?  Yeah... awesome... Alright, listen up.  Augh! Hold on! Oh God! No!  No! You can't die! Everybody really likes you! No, I was lying to you! I took this job... to be at the front of the line on Black Friday.  Happy was a good man. Too good to have died in such a brutal but festive manner. Everybody stay put! I'll handle this.   If you are here for Black Friday, you cannot be on mall property until midnight on Thanksgiving. Well, you're about to be. You're gonna have to walk slower than that. You've got a while. Smartasses.  My friends, the time is almost here. Let us face these shoppers with the bravery of those mall security officers before us.  Commander Marsh. ... They're what? ... They're gonna what?! Now listen up: there are only eight of us now. Peterson was a great guy, and he did ''not'' deserve to get beheaded like that. Now I don't know about you, but I am sick and tired of getting to know people here, getting invested in their personalities and their back stories, and then having them die!  Stay tough, rookie. We're gonna make it! You've got a newborn little girl who needs her daddy to make it! I'm not going to let you die, okay?! OKAY?! Not one more good person dies on my watch!  Stay at your post!  Nooo! NOOO! EVERYBODY REALLY LIKED HIM!! NOOO! Screw them! They'll have to fend for themselves! Wait. Red Robin Wedding? Who's getting married?! What?! Oh my God, everyone likes Tom Hanks and Beyoncé!  I've gotta save them! Get back! Get out of my way!  Commander Marsh? WHAT?? STAN'S IN THE RED ROBIN WEDDING TOO?? OH GOD, I ''REALLY'' CARE ABOUT HIM!   His wife is having sex with the neighbor.  Tonight at 10, it's a tale of lust, seduction, and murder, on Sexy Betrayals.  Now let me tell you, child, of a war that is about to come.  My parents will fight on Black Friday as well. For what? I do not know.  Uh adults like documentaries. Is the lube over there? Well get over here, big guy. Randy, it's getting late. Let's just go to sleep. I'm really not in the mood now anyway. We don't have to have sex for our relationship to be good.  Well I'm going to sleep, Randy. No, you'r right, Randy. Without any sex we just seem to get madder and madder at each other. I'm here, Randy. Diamonds.  They're beautiful I've got a surprise for you too, Randy. Sorry. I couldn't resist. Oh I did! That felt really great.  Yeah... Okay.  Oh my God, you put that sword right through my face! My turn again. I've always thought about murdering you in your sleep. Can you go to the cabin and get in bed? You lazy jerk! You never do anything around the house!  Oh I love you, Randy.  What the hell are you doing? Bullshit.  You're doing this to try and get to the front of the line on Black Friday, aren't you? Isn't Black Friday supposed to be about buying things for other people? He's not allowed to come out of his room, so you can talk to him through the door. And keep it short. He's in real trouble. He defecated in a nice old man's garden. Did you know that your son is supposed to be grounded and he snuck out to go to Red Robin?! Hey that kid should not be seeing this!  You're making a mistake!  How is this stuff allowed to stay on the air?! Red! Here we go. Yeah, Lisa has a crush on Butters. Red! Look, Wendy, we are all very happy for Lisa, okay? Nobody here is jelly. But the boys aren't even noticing the rest of us anymore. Red! That's right! Who do out children think they are?! Blocking our TV content?! Well? Any luck? No, screw that! Can't we just learn this Minecraft game so we can get around our kids' parental lock? We can learn, Randy. There's talk of a child. Word is he will teach Minecraft to anybody for the right price. I'll never give up!  I don't even remember doing this! Just leave me alone! Aw, go to hell, you griefer! How are they able to do this with their smartphones? Oh well, guess we'll just have to live without our informative crime drama. No, they just did their usual cable-company runaround. What the hell is he wearin' now? I'm sorry sir. If you need it now, perhaps you should switch to another cable company.  Ohhh, that's right, we're the only one in town. As we told the others, sir, we can fix it. We just need to send a technician out to your house to change out your cable box.  We'll just need to find a window of time you can be home... How about between the hours of 6 am and 3 pm all of November?  Jeez that's too bad. You need to be home for the technician. Have you thought of switching to DirecTV? Oh, you can't?  Hey guys, can I help you?  Ohhh, you don't want cable anymore? You don't like paying for all the channels?  Ohh, our company actually packages channels together. Oh I'm sorry. Our company doesn't work that way.  Dangit, I guess you have to deal with our packages. Oh, sure. Hey David? I guess if you don't wanna be  forced to pay for Oprah, you're gonna have to shut off your cable altogether. Oh it is? Hello? Playstation... Yes? Fuck off!  You was told wrong, mistuh! I'm just a simple kid with a simple passion for simple things!   Next we're going to select an empty world. Selecting an empty world will begin with you being dropped onto a beach. Now you're free to roam around and start punching trees! Just use your fucking brain! How do you get wood?  'Ow do you get wood?! NOO NOO, in this Minecraft forest, how do you get wood?! Riiight. You punch the trees to get the wood, you get the wood to build a cabin. You ''are'' playing the game; this ''is'' the game! That's because you're thinkin' like a dad. Minecraft, it don't got no winner. It don't got no objective. You just fuckin' build an' shit. And seein' if other things can come and knock it down. Now, let's click on the inventory, and let's filter through the skin!  Hello? Eh yes?  Whaaa? What's a, what's a "Minequaf"? Oh no, please don't be angry. My mommy's always angry. "Get back in the meat locker!" "Ouchie ouchie Mommy raped my nono!" But she loves me, right? Mommy loves me? Ohhhkay.  Now that you've built a workbench it's time to build somethin' that will take care of all those fuckin' sheep!  Just stop thinkin' with your grown-up brains and start usin' your- Oh shit!  Kids gotta find some way to make a livin', don't 'e? What? You mean like Investigation Discovery? Yeah, I've seen that stuff.  "'Oo The Bleep Did I Marry?", "True Crime with Aphrodite Jones". Real sick shit. Your parents watch that stuff? Your problem ain't with me, mates. Sure, one or two people might act out what they see in video games, but cable television?  People copy everything they see people do on cable. You're goin' about this all wrong. You wanna protect your family? You're gonna have to go fight the cable company. Punching trees? You are? There he is. Hey Kyle!  The parental lock isn't working. Our parents are still watching murder porn. Uh, I'm just gettin' ready for cla- M ma um m-me too. Eh but I want a PS4, not a crappy XBox. Yeah! You know that the PS4 is a better choice. I mean, come on. Ya yo you can't, you can't do that. Come on, Sir Stan. There must be kids somewhere who will join us.  C-C-Cartman's army is getting bigger every day. In addition to the Federation and the kindergartners, the XBox army now also has the kids who play Harry Potter, the jocks, the swim team, and the glee club. Uh besides us, it's the book club and Janice Pinkerton. Look, Sir Stan, it's probably time to give this up. It's the enemy! Defensive po-po-p-po-p-positions!  That's right. Red Robin has doors on the inside that go right out into the mall. Yeah that's that's that's pretty nice.   Hey, Stan, did you see Clyde's going out with Lisa B-b-Berger? Yeah. I wouldn't mind t-tah-t-tappin' that ass. Well, y-you gotta admit, Lisa Berger is pretty hot, Wendy. That's not very nice, Wendy. Wow! Wow! She looks great! I caught my parents over at Bebe's house watching Sunsets of Homicide. But Bebe got the lock from the cable company! They're not better, they're just more expensive. Oh man, you're a lucky guy. Butters, your dad threw you down a well? Well what the hell is that? Eric, somethin' is clearly wrong, m'kay, and it would be best to jus' get it out in the open. And why do you think Tolkien is a tickin' time bomb? Do you think he blames you for somethin'? Wull have you, thought about maybe writin' your feelin's down? In a poem? Uh- write a poem and give that to, g-give that to Tolkien? Well Eric, you need to do somethin' because you keep losing sleep. M'kay and sleep is very important to your success at school. M'kay? M'kay, you sure? Because I'm here when you need me. Now Eric, whatever it is you and Tolkien are going through, you need to talk through it, m'kay? The problems you two are havin' have become a distraction for everybody else. Agreed? Okay. Tolkien, come on in, please.  Tolkien, I've been talkin' with Eric and he's really upset that you two aren't gettin' along. You have some things you wanna say, Eric? Okay Tolkien, what are your feelings about that? Eric, do you feel better about all this? Okay, thanks Tolkien.  Now, Tolkien, what you need to understand, m'kay, is that a school assembly is not the time and the place to be yellin' and causin' distractions. M'kay? If there's somebody causin' you problems, then we don't disrupt the assembly, m'kay. You come and you talk to me. Well that's your side of it, Tolkien, but you know Eric has his side as well. Have you thought about maybe writin' him a poem? M'kay? Write E- write Eric a poem, tell him how you feel.  You know, m'kay? Well I'm tellin' you, Tolkien, you let it go, and he'll let it go, and it'll all be fine. Can ya?  Eric Cartman to the counselor's office please. Have a seat, Eric. Now boys, I for one am sick and tired of this little feud you're having, okay? This has clearly gone too far, and you owe each other an apology or you're gettin' detention! Well he was technically standing his ground, Tolkien. Students, I would like to introduce you all to the future.  It's a nice... crane, a nice whoopin' crane comin' off Kyle's head there. Come in, m'kay. Oh-kay, have you set up a counseling appointment on IntelliLink? Ookay, that's fine, that's fine. We can use IntelliLink to see what's available. Let's see, counseling request. Students. Make appointment.  Uhkay, here we go. Uhkay, what do you need counseling with? Okay, I'll click on family issues. What time did you want counseling? Oo-kay, aaand, what is your brother's Intelligrated smart name? Alright, I can do a lookup for the name. Uh go back. Main menu.  Okay, uh... Okay, what is your smart name, Kyle? Sorry, Kyle, we're gonna need to maybe go somewhere else. Uh... find an IntelliLink panel somewhere. Okay, let's see, lights.  Okay now, Kyle, you had some concerns about your little brother? Well it sounds like he's hittin' puberty. Well, your brother is Canadian. Perhaps Canadian puberty is a little different. Why don't you educate yourself about Canadian puberty and it could be somethin' yeeyou and your brother can actually do together. M'kay?  You know, this is the first time I've been able to do counseling aaand go to the bathroom at the same time. IntelliLink is amazing. Okay, there we go. That's cut the speakers off. Now what was it you were trying to do, Kyle? No, this is gonna work! I called IntelliLink and they said they were sending over an engineer.  Yes! Yeah, a student is trying to make an appointment to see the principal. M'kay? Oh I see. Uh, I I needed the silver package? Okay okay? Can we do that? Well yeah, but see, the problem is not everyone is not everyone is signed on to it yet. I know that IntelliLink has had some... hiccups... uhkay. But I've hired a new faculty member whose sole responsibility will be to oversee the IntelliLink system and make sure it runs smoothly. I want you all to meet Pat Conners.   what the hell are you gonna do about it?! Getting acclimated?!  No, see, it's a $10,000 upgrade, but it should clean up all of Pat's mistakes. Well ih it's good to be a little defensive around you, Miles, m'kay. Let's, let's not forget that your wife died of an "accident" while you were "drinking" on a "hike," "N'kay!" No! Now you listen to me!  IntelliLink is a great idea, and we just need the Goddamned Gold Package! We are doublin' down! No, they have to be able to get grades! No! There's no more upgrades, m;kay?! I just want this  to work! I just want students to be able to make appointments to see the counselor, be able to see the school norse in the easiest, most streamlined fashion!  Alright, upgrade me to the Centurion package. Your attention, please. Will Kyle Broflovski report to the principal's office? Kyle Broflovski to the principal's office. Please. Umkay? Ah, thanks for comin', Kyle. Kyle, please try your best. It seems pretty important.  Anything? You catch any of that, Kyle?   What's goin' on, Kyle?? Come on in. Wuh sure, Kyle. What's the matter? Well, Kyle, living with a lie is never a good thing. Okay. Could... could you maybe just tell me? Well... why do you like his farts in your tummy? Well Kyle, that's kind of odd. Uh, not sure how to help you with that. Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm kaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay. Uh, take a seat, Wendy. I guess some mean things were said and I need to get to the bottom of it. Uh no, Wendy, apparently, you called Butters' girlfriend a hobbit. Uh, but, but, Wendy, Kim Kardashian is considered to be extremely beautiful, mkay? Now, Wendy, Kim might be, uh, full-figured, but a woman's outward appearance isn't all that matters, mkay?! Have you stopped to consider that maybe, just maybe, you're jel? Uh that may be true, but there is a very fine line, Wendy, between being a feminist and being a hater, mkay? And you're gonna have to find that line because nobody likes a girl who's jelly! Now, Wendy, I've tried to be patient with you 'cause you've always been a good student! M'kay?! But calling a little girl fat and ugly is NEVER m'kay! No! No excuses! You have a problem bein' jelly, Wendy! Okay?! Just maybe, I should have you sent off to jelly school! That's right! In fact, I'm gonna call the jelly school right now, okay?!  Hello, is this the jelly school?! ... Okay, I have a girl here who's extremely jelly! Uh, see if you can take her in for a few weeks! Okay, you're full? Okay, yeah, I guess she dodged a bullet this time, but she'd better watch her jelly behavior! Yuh, you do? Okay, well I'm not actually on the phone with a... jelly school, Wendy, okay? Okay, well Wendy, I'm just tryin' to uh- Oh, bye, jelly school.  Uh, Wendy, I'm just tryin' to make you understand how serious it is when you lash out at other girls. M-okay.  WENDY, IN MY OFFICE, RIGHT NOW! MKAY?! Hello sir, had a little incident last night, wondering if you saw or heard anything? Well, someone broke into your next door neighbor's back yard and they... dug up a bunch of holes and punched his trees. Yes sir. Then we got a house across the street where someone dug up the yard and... built a cabin. What were you doing last night? Well, thanks for your time sir. You might wanna keep the lights on in your yard tonight in case someone tries to build a cabin on it as well. I play the banjo too. All right, that's enough. Come on out and there won't be any trouble.  Give it up, Stotch. You've nowhere to run. (I knew you're up to something!) (Dude, maybe he's like mentally ill or something) (Huh? Like what?) (That's okay, Kyle.)  (She's not here right now.) (What do you mean?) (Yes. What's up, my lord?) (But Stan and Kyle are best friends)  (Yes, I believe we do.) Previously, on South Park. (Welcome to my kingdom, Sir Eric. Please, state your purpose.) (You can change your mind instead of fighting us on Friday.) (What?!)  (Oh, the nerve! How insensitive of you, you cock-sucking faggot!) (Wooo!)  Tadaima!  Purincessu Kenni reporuto!  Hai, Purincessu Kenni assisuto!  Minna-san! Kenni kimasu!  Minna-san, ii yo. Purincessu Kenni ganbaru.  Ha? Ueddingu?  Waaah? Sugoi-chan.  Minna-san, sayonara! Ima, Purincessu Kenni tomodachi ni kaerimasu!   (My boobs? You flatter me, Grand Wizard!) (The Sony president's here too, desu ka? )   Ohhh you have to pay for the bundle. You can't just pay for what you wanna watch. Darn it. Hey Mitch? When can you get out to shut off some cable boxes?  Three weeks, huh? Okay, is three weeks from now okay with you guys? Oh Jeez, that's terrible. Say... say that last part again? Well what was the last part you said? Nono, the part about your parents not getting the channels easily? How...  How much would it bum them out?  Oh man, it's gonna be like three weeks. There's a whole plug I have to pull out; it's like four inches long. Ladies and gentlemen, please stand by for an important message from the president of your local cable company. Now calling rows 10 through 30 for boarding. Tom Brady looking sluggish again today. Not sure what his problem has been lately. Brady steps back to pass.  The MTV Video Music Awards will be back with a performance from Yo Gabba Gabba's Foofa singing, "Pound My Sweet Strange."  Elmo also helps kids brush their teeth with his toothpaste dispenser.  Don't miss out on this holiday season's biggest gift! Stop touching me, Elmo! It's the morning news, with Tom and Tammy Thompson. Colorado's top-rated brother-sister news team. The South Park video game, coming to stores soon! It's the morning news, with Tom and Tammy Thompson. Hello. In an effort to comfort the anguished cries or children everywhere, your local cable company has decided to drop all networks that sexualize spousal homicides from regular programming. Customers still wishing to view true-crime networks will now need to purchase a separate package  which will require a technician to service your cable box every night from 2 to 3 am. and must include the purchase of 300 channels in Portuguese. We realize this may be an inconvenience to you, and we hope you will voice ALL your concerns to us, because at your local cable company the customer is always... our bitch. Ish, ish, ish, o-ish, haishooo!   Tanoshikatta ne. (Yeah, it was fun.) Eh? Nani kore, tsukareta yo. (What? I'm tired!) Hai.  Sony PS4 no urazuke. Zenbu. Domo sumimasen.  Sore kara kono gifuto de Princess no Pawaa agemashou  Ima kara ... Princess Kenny! Nothing. Yeah. I uhhh, have band practice. Fuck you, Brad Pitt! I'm good. Okay, really? ...What jury?  I don't know what to say. This isn't a poem. It doesn't even rhyme. Can I go back to class now?  You think I should feel bad for you because of the Trayvon Martin verdict?! What the hell is wrong with you?! Why are you all here listening to this?! He's just out looking for trouble. You made everyone think I'm a fucking Patient Zero! So what?! Fuck you! Oh!  An apology?! He shot me!  Well it's a pretty fucking stupid law! And why does standing your ground not apply to fucking white people?! If you know of a way, wizard, then speak. Wow, she's hot. Alright, now the French Revolution was basically started by a young man named Marius.  ...uh, the French government at the time was led by Javert, who was trying to-  You can eat without your father in the room. Now hurry. ''[the girls giggle'' and the older one notices someone] How did I get such a perfect husband? Nothing can ever go wrong, so long as we all have each other. You can say that again. Where's Daddy? Daddy! I love you, Dad. What's a bread box, Dad? Good morning, girls.  How did I get such a beautiful wife? I love you too, Princess. I love both of you, equally.  Nobody. L-let's just get you girls to school. Is it bigger than a bread box?  Oh my God.  AAAAAH! Let's bail!  WAAH! Tolkien. No, Tolkien, we had nothing to do with this. I know you're pissed off, but but be reasonable! No! Nonono!  We're safe, girls! Daddy did it! Today apparently will be the day! CNN has just received word that a verdict in the George Zimmerman trial is expected to come at any moment! Zimmerman is accused of shooting Trayvon Martin, and a jury will now decide his fate. We interrupt this cool song for a news bulletin. A verdict has just been handed down in the case of George Zimmerman. In a shocking turn of events, the jury has found George Zimmerman not guilty! Many African-Americans are outraged by the verdict, and they are most likely about to go totally nanners.  First, a wave of 911 calls about a virus, and now a plane has apparently gone down in the Colorado Rocky Mountains. Is this the beginning of the end?  The nine year old threat to humanity has been tracked down, and measures are being taken to stop him. The zombie apocalypse... is over. All the panic, crashing planes and chaos appear to have, for some reason, died with George Zimmerman. And as for the little boy who was so mercilessly gunned down?  Although he survived the shooting, his wishes are to remain anonymous, giving the hospital only the nickname... "Brad Pitt." ...But cooler. We are in Colorado where the red cow was discovered, and apparently, two boys have shocking news that might change everything. Tom, the South Park Mall says they've beefed up security in an effort to reduce the number of fatalities this year. One thing's for sure, people take Black Friday very seriously. Daddy, who is Trayvon Martin? Heehee, Dad is so kewl. Fuck you, Brad Pitt! We are Cows, proud and true! Come on, South Park, moo moo moo! Goooo Cows! Ooookay, thank you, cheerleaders. That was very nice. Ahhh, next we have a student who would like to perform an original rap song,  Mr. Mackey, so far the school has spent  $22,000 on the IntelliLink system, and so far it's been an unmitigated disaster. Oh noo! Kyle, these men have apparently come all the way from Israel to speak with me, but... we need a translator. Ohh, what does he need? For what? What did he say, Kyle? <poem><i>Ho-oh.</i></poem> <poem><i>Ho ho!</i></poem> Does that little boy have a gun? But- What's going on?! An airport?! But...? Yes, let him think! What?! No, the plane crashed. We're in the Colorado mountains somewhere.  My husband. He said the outbreak was all over the news, but everything was totally fine where he was. Yes! We have to kill him, before he infects everyone else! Oh my God! Oh my God! Yes! Please, please hurry! It's important! Please! We're running out of time! What?! What is it, please?! Hurry, my husband might still be alive! What are we going to do? What if he attacks us first? I haven't had the time to thank you, for doing what you've d-  An outbreak?  Which one? My God, what's going on out there? DA43 to tower, please advise!  Damnit! They aren't telling me anything! Virus, bacteria, either way we're all dead! Find out if he thinks it's safe to land in Los Angeles.  Please, I have two little girls in Chicago. Please find them! Then you have to stop it. And there must be... a Patient Zero... The person it all starts from. You have to! You have to be strong. If you can stop this- if you can save the world- then you have to do it.  Promise me! Promise... me! Thank you-wait, what?  Maybe now you can tell us what the hell is going on?! Do you think it's a virus? What about Los Angeles? Can we take the plane to Los Angeles? This plane won't make it to Iceland! Everyone just calm down! We have to stay in control!  Shoot it!  What contagion? My wife didn't get on the plane.  Take this plane back to Denver! You got a better idea, asshole?! What do you mean?! Alright what the hell is going on here?! Stall them. I don't want that plane landing anywhere until we know what the hell we're dealing with! Survival of what? Oh my God. Baka! Kora wa sugoi cheating desu!  We don't know anything. First there was talk of a hijacking, then reports of an outbreak of some kind. Confirmed report of panic in a rural town in the Colorado Rockies! Sir, the pilot of flight 82 wants an update. They're asking permission to land.  Sir, you'd better look at this. This was found in the airport lavatory. It seems to be a survival guide of some kind. From the looks of it, a contagion outbreak of the worst kind.  Oh, I'm just finishing up. Hey!  Engine engine #9 running down Chicago Line, if the train should jump the track do you want your money back?  Y-E-S spells yes-  Can I help you? Alright, you want a rifle!  What is it you intend to shoot? ...You mean a person who's threatening you? Well, you should be fine so long as the person breaks into your house and is an immediate threat to you. You can't shoot someone who threatens you just out on the street. Well unless of course you're in a state that has a "stand your ground" law. See now with a "stand your ground" law, you could legally shoot somebody that's threatening you whether they're in your house or not. No, no, see, you've gotta be IN a state with a "stand your ground" law, like Florida. So long as they're threatening you. This plane is going to Baltimore.  You can eat without your father in the room. Now hurry.  How did I get such a perfect husband, George Zimmerman? Nothing can ever go wrong, so long as we all have each other. Where's Daddy? Daddy! I love you, Dad. What was that, Daddy? Good morning, girls.  And how did I get such a beautiful wife? I love you too, Princess. I love both of you, equally. What do you need from me?  I gave that up. Damnit, I have a wife and kids now. Something's wrong.  Are you guys okay? More needless violence. That may be true, but I'll have to live with this the rest of my life. Even though I'll be walking around a free man. Wait, what? Daddy, what's a Patient Zero?  Hello, Mr. Zimmerman. Your country needs you. We...  need you to shoot a young African-American for us. Then do it for your family!  My God, I didn't even see him.  Nonsense, you did what you had to. You're a hero. You're the best, Zimmerman. We just need you to do it one more time, for the security of the world! Nice work, Zimmerman.   Hey, wait a minute. This kid isn't black, he's white. Guilty! Daddy! Whoa... That's pretty hardcore.  And that's all you know? what else did she say?  Oh my God, for two weeks?  Whoa... Oh my God! They're totally different! They're, uhm, you know, one is good and- and emos are horrible!  They're, you know... They're posers! That's a huge fucking difference! This fuckin' bitch, man. Goth's darkness is nihilistic whereas Emo's is cynical. No, see, you're nihilistic. What if she comes back, and she's all preppy and conformist? What the hell have they done to you? Nothing. It's like she's a totally different person.  Uugh, how could she hang out with them??  Hello? What is? Everything?  No way. I never thought it would end like this. I never thought that Goths would just be slowly replaced by Emos.  I promise. Not now, lady, we're really depressed. This is different, okay?! Our two friends are being bodysnatched by Emos!  There's only one other group who understands Emos like we do. We're gonna have to team up with the Vampires.  What choice do we have?! Yeah I remember. And it may be a suicide mission, but we have to walk right in the middle of the Vampires, and ask them for help. Ugh! You spit on me, Larry.  Uhh, hey everybody, uuhm, I know we aren't on the greatest terms right now. We realize we called you all queermos, and we're sorry we burned down the Hot Topic at the mall. But, uhhh, we have a bigger problem here, and it's ALL of our problem. Yeah, shut up Mike. Listen, okay? There's a camp that kids like us are being sent to, a-and somehow this place is taking kids like us and... turning them Emo.  Yeah. You might not even be able to tell at first. It could have already happened. One of you might already be turned. Uhhhhh, right. You know Henrietta; that thing in there is not Henrietta! We can't just go in there and kick their asses. We have to stop this thing at its source. This, is your plan? Try to summon Edgar Allan Poe back from the dead?! No, he was the original Goth, but he'd been dead for 150 years! Look, we came to you for help, and all you've done since then is waste our time!  Uhhhhh, okayokay, listen: there's this camp for troubled kids, right? Only they aren't helping kids, they're, they're purposefully turning them into Emos. Right! Thank you! I'm just saying it's nice to know that Edgar Allan Poe agrees with us. Okay, look, we're running out of time. You have to help us stop the Emos. Uh, yeah, it kind of does. Alright, listen up. Once we find our friend, we've gotta torch the place and get out. Cut it out, Edgar! It's annoying everybody! Michael?! You here? Dude! Michael, are you okay? Alright, we're gonna get you out of here, and then we're gonna burn this whole place down.  Ugh! Let us go, you ultimate conformists! Wait a minute. Where the hell is Edgar Allan Poe? What?!  What the hell are you doing?! You're supposed to be helping us! Look, we  summoned you to help us save the world! God, he is such a downer!  Nightpayne! Destroy the plant leader! The leader over there!  Hey, these ''are'' just plants. What??   Did you know about this? Uhhhh, Henrietta, we have some bad news. The plants you think took over your body and made you emo? They're just plants.  From Lowe's Home and Garden. Ahh, hang on. What I meant to say was  we just infiltrated the Emo lair and... we torched the plant leader. Uhhh, we're just gonna wait until the PS4s become cheaper and more available. What's VHS?  Hey uh, excuse me? The uh, XBox fighters are here and they say they wanna switch sides? Yeah, we know. We're with the wedding. That's real pain right there.  She said that her parents called her an emo and she had to go to this camp for two weeks. I don't know.  She texted from the bus they put her on, then she said she wasn't even allowed to have her cell phone where she was going. Then all of a sudden her texts went dark.  I just can't believe it. I can't believe parents would do that to their child. Yes. They called her an emo. Emos suck! They're vile, self-pitying, depressed assholes! Because she's Goth, and some ignorant people don't know the difference! Alright alright, think of it this way: a goth believes that deep down the world is totally fucked up. But an ''emo'' thinks that deep down, ''they'' are totally fucked up. Okay okay, look, emos are more prone to suicide. But goths are more prone to be depressed that so many people ''commit'' suicide. Wait, I thought ''we'' were cynical. ...Whatever, it doesn't matter. Oh yeah, you're right. She's only been there two weeks. They can't have changed her that much. Can they have?  Oh my God. It's worse than we thought! They made her ''emo''!  Has she said one word to either one of you guys? She won't even look at us. All she does now is hang out with the douchebag emo kids.  There must something else going on here.  It's not your mom, it's me. What did they do you? At that camp? Don't take this the wrong way, but... I think that place turned you into an emo. Then why are you listening to Sunny Day Real Estate?  I was thinking, maybe they just made you confused at that place. Maybe they didn't know what they were doing. But then I started thinking, maybe that place... turned you emo on purpose. Like maybe they ''knew'' what they were doing. What? Nooo waaaaay. Omigodnowaaaaaaaaay.  No way no waaaaaay! It's worse than we thought. No! I mean Henrietta. I confronted her and she was all like "I am emo! And emos are going to rule the world" and I was like "No waaay!" and she was like "Yeah, soon it will be too late." and I was all "No waaay!" Yeah, so listen: call up Firkle and meet me at Village Inn. I gotta run home, but I'll be there in ten minutes.  Can't now, Mom! I've got an emergency! What?? What the hell are you talking about?! No! You've gotta listen to me! You don't know what you're doing!!  They're eviillll! What? Where are you ta- No! NO!!  Get me out of here! Let me go! What the hell are you doing to people?! Wait a minute. Emos are plants?  Oh, it all makes sense now!  No.  What are you doing?! I don't wanna be emo! What the...?  No, NOOOOOOOOO!  Kick it over! Stop the plant!  Oh! Oh, thank God you're here. Emos are plants and they're invading human bodies. Firkle! All this time I thought you were Goth! How long have you been Emo?  Shoot it!  I have no idea what's going on. It was all a prank by some douchey network reality show. No, you just kind of did it on your own. Are you for real? Of course we're going to go with the PS4. They're blacker! Sorry, I guess we just don't care enough. That's how I feel when my mother abuses me. I just wanna escape, so she can't hurt me anymore.   Shut up, Mom! Go away! Stop calling me a princess! I'm not a beauty queen in a Disney movie!  God, she just ''never stops''! What?! Shut up, Mom! Are we really doing this again?! What?! I'm not a fucking emo! Don't you even know the fucking diff! Noo...  I'm not going to any fucking camp! I won't come back because I'll be fucking dead. I'll walk out of that camp and I'll walk the streets until I probably get picked up and gangbanged by criminals until I'm bleeding out my fucking eyes!! Hel-lo?! Somebody let me out of here! You can't treat people like this!  Hey guys.  What do you mean? They couldn't do anything. They can't fix me. They don't even understand me.  I wish there would just be an earthquake, so we could all ''die''. Not now Mom! I'm suicidal! Oh, hey.  What do you mean? Just the usual group therapy crap. That's ridiculous. I'm not anything. I don't fit in anywhere. I'm not emo, okay?  You should probably stop digging for answers. There's no winning this for you.  Soon the entire world will be emo. It is our time. Nobody understands us. And they won't understand until it is faaar tooo late. Do not fight it, Michael. Is being emo really all that different from being goth?  Join us! Are you guys getting into that Fall Out Boy concert? Yeah. I'm cutting myself to hurt this worthless body that I'm in.  Not now, Mom! Can't you see I'm hurting?!  So, my friends. Have you made the transformation? Nnnnoooo, there's an organic spore in my head that made me switch cliques so easily. Oh my Gawd...  This is so... embarrassing. Oh.  Oh my God I'm... all better. Thanks, you guys. Shut up, Mom! Leave me alone, you conformist bag of demon jizz! What's Betamax?  Henrietta, sweetie. Oh, but remember, Daddy wanted to talk to you in the living room, my dark little princess. We'll be waiting in the living room. Oh goodness I am so nervous.  Oh, a little family chit-chaaat. But Daddy and I ''love'' our little muffin, even if she's emo or not. Like calling Mommy Demon Jizz. Theeeey have a horseshoe pit where you can challenge the other kids to horsehoooes.  Henrietta, I baked cookies for your new little Emo friends. Oh, much better! She didn't call me a bitch, and she actually apologized to me.  Henrietta, I have dinner ready. ...Fatty. }} Have a seat, Henrietta.  Henrietta, as you know, your mother and I have been concerned about your behavior for some time. We've had a hard time coping with the dark things you're into, but we've finally had some counseling, and apparently we're not the only parents who have a child that is... emo. Do you know how your foul language breaks your mother's heart? So listen, sweetie, we've found a camp.  A camp which is for troubled kids like you, and you get to work outside and learn about responsibility. It's for two weeks, and when you come back we can talk about earning back some of your privileges. Does she still seem better? Well that's more like it. Is she at the camp now? That's fucking creepy man. Emos suck my Goth balls. Oh. My. God.  Pete... if they get me... if I get sent to that camp... and I come back Emo... kill me. Promise that you'll kill me. Are you crazy? The Vampires are our sworn enemy. We beat up their leader and burned down their lair. Don't you remember? Sorry. It's him! It's Edgar Allan Poe.  Dude, Edgar, can you not smoke in the car? I'm sorry, but I'm afraid that's not the plan. Don't you see we can't stop them? We might as well join' em.  This is a prank? I turned traitor for no reason? Alright now, you say that you witnessed your friend being abused by her parents. What's wrong with that? So, why do you think they called her that? What ''is'' the difference? Okay, different how? That's not much of a difference. God, PE class is for such wannabe posers. I'd rather kill myself than put on gym shorts. I can't. I'm too depressed. I keep cutting myself. Death and despair! Death and despair! Death and despair! Death and desp- Michael! Michael!  This place gonna fix you, make you normal child!  In the dining room Michael! Let's go!  Your mom and I have decided you're going to go away for a little while.  We've been put in touch with this camp for troubled kids like you and- Hey, you kids need to order somethin' or you need to go.  So what else is new?  Hey, are you gonna order any food, or are you just gonna sit there and drink coffee all day?  Little prick. Okay, let's all be seated please?  This is thee noon meeting of the Vamp kids? I am Mike, your lord and dark master, per se. Hail Mike. Okay, uhhh, our main order of business is of course the Halloween social. We're still looking for volunteers to make the-  You've got a lot of nerve coming here! And you say she just showed up like this? Indeed. If there is some kind of black magic at work creating these monsters, then we will have to use our most powerful Vampiric abilities to stop it. Yes, my child of darkness. We must call upon the powers of the Vamp kids' most sacred entity, per se. Only he can help us in this darkest time. This calls... for a summoning. We call upon the creator of all that is dark! The godfather of Death and Despair! Edgar Allan Poe, your followers in darkness beg for your help!  We summon to the world of the living the great Edgar Allan Poe! Knower of all that is misery! Your children need special guidance! Per se. Edgar Allan Poe was the original Vamp kid. Yeah, oh yes! Hey! Oh, fuck off, Nightpayne. I feel like we're being watched.  Oh God! I'm starting to feel Emo. He said he was over this, and was gonna hang out at the Village Inn. Wait. Look! It's the Goth kids!  Okay hold up! Hold up! You mean that one of us might not really be a Vamp kid?   You want me to go in there and waste these mothafuckas?! I'll do it! Ey, look man! All genres of Gothic subcultures are derivatives of Poe's work. Muthafucka! Ah ah! He got you there, n*gga! Well that's your name, isn't it? Oh man that's good! They got us good! You know what we should do? After us Emos take over the Earth? We should um, paint the White House black. And we should have Fall Out Boy at the Super Bowl.  Oh yeah.  We're Emos.  When we rule the Earth we're not gonna have football. That blonde Emo is Sarah Collins. She was a Vamp kid two weeks ago. Do you mean? Holy shit look!  Where am I? What is this place? Why have the living summoned me from my rest?  Emos? ...Ew oh my God, Emos are such wannabe conformists. Children of Darkness, I would help you, but I fear I cannot be seen with a bunch of douchey Vamp kids and their poser-ass plastic fangs. Agrees with who? Is that red dye in your hair or did a blood demon take a shit on your head, poser? Why should I? Just 'cause you summoned me doesn't mean you're the boss of me!  Oh okay, ''Mom''. Let's go fight the Emos, ''Mom''. You can't tell me what to do! Who elected you the mayor of me?! God, you guys are so lame!  And if you want my help, you'd better all stop calling me Edgar. That's the name my stupid parents gave me! I like to be called by my Goth name: Nightpayne. What? You guys are posers! If one of us is a traitor, it's probably your wannabe vampire leader. Make me, poser. Leave me alone! I just want coffeh. Bitch. I can't right now. I'm dealing with a lot and I just have a lot of anxiety. What's the point? Save some people so some other people can be lame? And then those lame-os can be lamer to some other posers?  Okay, I'm here, posers. What do you want me to do? Really? Shoot a plant? Wait a minute. What is this?  No, they're just, like, ficus plants and vibrating pots. Shhhhh.  Not me. I just work for them. They're not evil, you know? They're just misunderstood. All I do is help the Emos get into their human hosts. They promised me when they take over Earth I can have a cabin on the lake, and all the steak I can eat. Shhh, shhh, it's okay. Not just any plants. They're very unique. Very special. Nobody understands them. Emoclarus americanus. Wonderful species. Except for their tendencies of self-mutilation and the need for other species to acknowledge their pain. Oh! I'm sorry. Sorry, Emo King.   You just don't understand. You'll understand them soon. It's quicker if you don't fight it.  You did very good. The emo plants are very pleased with your dedication. Yes Emo King, right away.  Don't fight it. It's quicker that way.  Just let the spores inside you. Stop fighting it. Lowe's Home and Garden? No they- they talk to me! But-  What do you mean? YES!!!  Oh my God, are you serious?  No, they really had me convinced! I guess I should have figured it out. I'm an idiot.  Oh God... Ey, just so you all know, if one of you ain't who you say they is, and we get inside that base and you reveal you're actually one of them Emo muthafuckas in disguise, I WILL go crazy on yo' ass! Shoot it! Looks like it's over, Harold Flannigan. So we have just one question for you: are you scared?! ARE YOU SCARED?! That's good! 'Cause you're on... "Yes, I Was Scared!"  Doin' alright there, Rookie?  Look! Look at the camera right there! Your wife Sarah put you up to this. Howard, did you suspect at all that a gardener job at a camp for troubled teens was a setup? And you didn't suspect anything when we had plants tell you to turn Goths and Vamp kids into Emos when really they're exactly the same thing? Tune in again next week, when we make a woman from Milwaukee think she's working at a haunted abortion clinic. All right, y'all, here comes our next big act! Give it up for the sexiest bitch on earth, it's Foofa! Ladies and Gentlemen, it my ''my'' honor to give the Person of the Year award to this year's winner, Pope Francis.   Oh, Kyle, your little brother is, getting older. He's not a baby anymore. It's natural, bubbe. Part of getting older is finding ways to assert your independence. You know. Why don't you go and try to talk to him - you can win him over again.  Hi bubbe. What is it, Kyle?  Do I look like I wanna do fuckin' fingerpaints?!  Look at the fuckin' zits on my face! Then stop harassing me, bro! You don't know what it's like to be a baby goin' through puberty! I don't know whether to watch Yo Gabba Gabba or go out and tame some strange! Dancy Dance is my favorite. Who would you rather fuck?  Foofa or Toodee? I wanna fuck Foofa.  I don't even know what the fuck Muno is. What?! You gonna fuckin' narc and tell Mom?! That's 'cause you don't understand shit!  I'm gonna watch Yo Gabba Gabba in my roomsy! This is stupid, bro! I already know all this!  Get out of my room, Kyle! I'm playing trucks! You promised! Well what am I supposed to do?! See it myself?! I'm a little baby! Who's gonna hold my fuckin' hand?! You don't give a shit about how I feel! You just love pushing me around! Is that what you wanna do, Kyle?! Kick the baby?! Well alrighty bro! Come on, Kyle! Kick the baby!  Come on bro! Kick the fuckin' baby! Let's see you try it, wuss! Ike Broflovski. Yeah, for my cool cool trick I'm gonna tame Foofa's strange. I can tame Foofa's strange, bro. This is stupid, bro.   Foofa's got that nice shaved strange that you just wanna get in and tame the second you see it. Told you it'd go over well. Shut up, Kyle! Just ignore my little brother. Answer the door, twerp!  You just don't get it 'cause you're a robot, Plex. Awww, screw off, Sinéad O'Connor. No one gives a crap about you. Get out of here, dude! No, ''you'' don't understand, wuss! Why can't you just let me grow up?! Why do you keep harassing me?! He's right, Foof. Part of growing up is rebelling, but I'm gonna get older whether I like it or not. So why push it? I think I'm just gonna let it happen naturally.   Kyle! It's Dora the Explorer! Yaaay!  Oh man, I wouldn't mind hittin' that. I bet she's got that hot Puerto Rican strange.  Yaaaay! Hello young people, and welcome to the most fascinating time of your life. You have braved the trials of childhood, and now you are reaching Canadian puberty. By now, you've probably noticed some changes in your body. For instance, when you fart your dick gets hard.  Other physical changes are happening to your body as well. If you're a boy you may notice that your testicles ache, or if you're a girl, you may notice a tingling sensation in your strange. Going through Canadian puberty, you may notice that your voice is starting to change as well. You're saying things like "hey boddy" and "hey guy" because now that you're older you're discovering that someone who was once your buddy is now your guy, and someone who you used to call "guy" is quickly becoming your friend.  Make me look like an idiot, will you?! Ey! You told me you queefed on my face because because that's how babies are born! Being sarcastic?! I just told a million Canadian teenages that's how it's done! Fine! You want me to go with you to therapy?! Fine! Totally embarrassing and degrading! She queefed right in my face! I try not to think about it, Rick. I try to just forget aboot it and then move on, but I can't. I mean... she queefed right in my face! Yes, we went but... I just can't erase the memory of my helpless face being queefed on like that. Who's to say she won't do it again? What do you mean? I was being sarcastic. I was angry because you never listen to me. Because I wanted you to go with me to therapy and you never go. What? Oh Terry, I was just trying to get your attention. I'm sorry I queefed in your face. So IntelliLink is gone, my lord? Well, maybe you should spend less time at work making public health films and more time at home.  Is this Classroom 7? My name's Cody. I'm your smartnician. You're havin' some intelliproblems with your astutelinks?  If you wanna have those intelligrated with EasyLink, you might wanna upgrade your system to the silver package. Let my call my supervisor on the intelliphone.  Okay, there we go.  Your students can buy school lunches now, but they won't be able to get grades. Well, what you probably wanna do is upgrade to IntelliLink Platinum. ...What exactly do you mean by "work"? Oh, you want the Centurion package. That's where we take all the IntelliLink panels and we rip them off the walls and we burn them. Then we wipe all the computers of IntelliLink software and you never deal with us again. Right away.  Hey Muno, what should we do now? Aaaall right! Who out in the audience has a cool cool trick to show us?  What's your name, little boy? And what is your cool cool trick, Ryan? And what's your name, little boy? Do you have a cool trick? Tame mo what? Uhhh, alright. Let's see our friend Ike tame Foofa's strange!  Oh, I see. You're actually-  What are you doing to Foofa?! No! Now you listen here, little boy! It is ''never'' okay to take off your clothes and grind on another person! Don't do it. What you did was very traumatic for Foofa. Isn't that right, Foofa?  Foofa? Oh God. What has this little boy done?? Can I talk to you? Foofa!  Foofa, what is this about you going on the MTV Video Awards? Foofa, you don't have to show your strange to get attention. Alright, you won't listen to us, but maybe you'll listen to our special guest, Sinéad O'Connor!  Don't show your strange on TV. Your strange is for your husband, not for all the world to see. Let's play Cool Cool Trick. A little young for that, isn't he? Oh thank God. My name is Ryan! My cool cool trick is that I can jump in the air.  No, that's wrong! Foofa, no! Heey. Uh uh. Foofa, what are you talking about? Thank you, dude. Foofa?  He's right, Plex. We're getting older. I don't wanna do the little kid thing the rest of my life. It's time for us to start playing to older people. Maybe we need to be edgier. Have a little sex appeal. I'm an artist. And if all I ever do is play to kids, then I'll be a joke.  Oh this is so exciting! I'm done being a kiddie star! Thanks. Oh my, here we go!  Come on, Ike. Ike? ''Come on, come on, and pound my strange.'' Pound it like this,  pound it like that. Have you and your wife seen a therapist together? Don't you think this has something to do with your new job? There's more to this, Terry. A lady never queefs in her lord's face without some major cause. You started as the Canadian Minister of Health and three months later your wife queefed in your face. There's a connection. Terry, I'm your friend. And I'm not just your friend, I'm also your boddy  And if you want to save your marriage, and your face, you need to figure it out quick.  That must be it. Don't you see, Terry? That health care integration system has made you defensive and hostile, and your wife's been puttin' up with it. Yes, yes that's right, we had to eat him. We were all sort of starving out here, so we drew straws, and he drew the shortest one. A a Blu-ray player. Ninety-six percent off, it's gonna be about 20 bucks. And to you, my friend.  Tom, I'm standing in front of the jelly school, where officials claim they do have room for this little hater girl. We're being told if she doesn't stop the-  Well, okay, but, you are a hater. I took the job to try and make Canada's health care system better. What could that have to do with my wife? Thanks, guy.  I'm sorry, I'm calling everyone in the Canadian health care system to find out if they're pleased with their health care. Is this  Ike Broflovski? Your brother receives his medication from us, so we just wanna be sure he's satisfied with the service. Before this meeting continues, I should have you be aware that my face has tested positive for queefie sores. People all over the world get their medication from Canada. That's impossible! The Canadian health care system is completely integrated and streamlined with IntelliLink.  Sure, no problem.  Now, what is your brother's Canadian Medicare's smartname? "strangetamer"  Ah, yes, I'm afraid IntelliLink mixed that up and your brother has been receiving large doses of hormones that were supposed to go to an athlete in the northeast. Yes, that's right. It's fine!  My... my wife.  And... that's why she queefed in my face. It was a mistake. Trying to reform Canada's health care system and being too stubborn to admit that it wasn't working. And even when my wife said the system was too complicated, I wouldn't listen. I deserved it. Anyone who thinks streamlining health care into an integreated health care system would go smoothly deserves a giant queef in their face. Thank you, my lady. Yes, I've upgraded to the Gold package. Within no time, Canadians everywhere will be getting their correct medications, and going back to normal. They can't sign on to it because every time they try they make the sprinklers go off! Hello everyone. Oh. Well, I'm just sort of getting acclimated to the situation and I- Mr. Mackey, let's be clear. IntelliLink was your idea. You should admit it was a bad one and stop being so defensive. Alright girls, we're gonna trim that fat and tone those bodies. Let's do this! You first!   Hey now listen here-!  She's been seen out partying, photographed smoking pot, and now, Foofa has announced a raunchy performance on the MTV Video Music Awards. Foofa's new manager claims the MTV performance will be one for the record books. The video awards are at 8 pm tomorrow. The party's over. Muslims, Jews, and Christians are back at each other's throats, and Israel is once again a place of conflict, and turmoil Don't do it, Foofa, Don't sell out your strange to those corporate bastards. I'm looking for a boyfriend. Looking for a boyfriend. Don't show your strange. Don't show your strange on TV Blue 28! ... Blue 28!  Hike! Yeah, definitely not looking as strong and virile as he has in the past, Tom. And whatever is wrong with Tom Brady just seems to be getting worse.  Go Broncos. Two minutes, Foofa. Yaaaaay. Come on, let's climb the mountain. We made it all the way to the top.  Please, you must understand! The fate of the world is at stake!  That the red heifer means the End of Times. Don't touch it!  Alright, so far we agree there'll be no automatic rifles, no shanks, and no chemical weapons. Non-ballistic nuclear only. Alright. Now on to prisoners. Are we all agreeing to decapitations? If the cow is sacrificed in Israel according to the prophecy, then perhaps it could bring about peace. And now, let us honor the little boy who helped make all this happen, Eric Cartman, and his best friend, Fartboy.  Uh excuse me, I'm sorry everyone, but apparently there's some breaking news in the United States. No, what is the new information?! Oh no, it was a miracle? The prophecy was that a fat boy with a small penis would one day decorate a cow to look ginger. We should have known a prophecy like this... was too impossible to ever come to be. Sorry boys, but we've gotta get to our fight. There's a rumble at the Wailing Wall. ''[brings out a switchblade. Rabbi 2 has a shot gun, while rabbi 3 carries a bat]. They leave, and Kyle turns around'' Look, we believe that this school has something which is of the utmost importance to our people! We wish to see the red cow! Oh my holy shmear!  The Muslims! They beat us here!   Step away! You all know what this means! Very well, let us meet to discuss how the world as we know it ends. Yes! And you know you are about to die!  The Muslims and the Christians are calling for a meeting to discuss the terms of war. If there can be no chemical weapons, then the Christians can use no nuclear weapons.  That makes sense. Come on, without nuclear weapons, what kind of final Armageddon is this gonna be?!  Yeah, I suppose that's fine.  Could it mean the end of... war? Today... begins the new Israel.  Chakam balada. We are associating with these heathens for no reason! But couldn't we agree on non-ballistic nuclear weapons only? Now, let us celebrate under one symbol!  No it di'n't. Of course we are! What do you think this is?! Yeah, come on! Just get to it! Wait a minute, wait a minute! Has anyone noticed something? We are all in a room together. Talking.  Has it occurred to anyone else that this prophecy, which amazingly is in all three religions, could actually be meant to bring us together? After all the years of holy wars and hatred, a possibility for peace... in the Middle East. In the past 48 hours, Jews, Muslims, and Christians have met in Israel to sort out their differences. It may be a rocky road, but many say the chance for peace is real. And all because of a red cow, discovered by a young boy here in the U.S.  Chakam balada! Chakam balada!   What? AAAWWWW!!  No way no waaay! Epiiic! Hello Israel!  Wait, I thought we were all here ''because'' of the prophecy of a miraculous red cow! The party is officially underway. Jews, Christians and Muslims have united, ushering ten years of Van Halen.  No doubt Israel is the happiest, rockingest place to be.  What can this reporter say except that Israel freaking rocks! Things just keep getting better here, Tom. And in a few days, they'll be honoring the little boy who discovered the red cow, here on stage, and things are gonna go off! Yummy yummy. Yummy yummy. Yummy yummy. Yummy yummy. Kyle Broflovski. Why do you endure all the farts, Kyle? What you are doing... is the most awesome thing ever. Who else would take such torment? You should like, shave your head and get all peaceful about it. Your sacrifice saves the world. "Oh" what?  I ''knew'' this was all too good to be true! Then, it's not true. The prophecy is not true!  No, the prophecy is that one day, a fat child with a small penis would decorate a cow to look ginger, not that one would miraculously just fall from the sky.  The holiday season... is here, and Black Friday... is upon us. As you know, black Friday is the day shoppers go berserk for holiday deals. Last year, 26 people died, and 461 were seriously injured.   Or maybe you're just too stupid to realize what you've gotten yourselves into. That's enough!  Winter is coming. Well it's almost Thanksgiving, and we all know what that means. Ouch. That's right. Black Friday is right around the corner. And people are already gearing up.   We usually start linin' up around 3 am. We uh douse ourselves in pig blood, because it does help us slip through the crowd when the doors open. Eelllmoooo  We do it every year, part of the family tradition. Last year we lost our youngest daughter. Her head was stepped on and crushed, but, in her memory, we're going to find a young girl and step on her head this year.  Kiss my fat vagina!  Enjoy the boredom while you can. I did. The shoppers... Hm... They started showing up at midnight on Thursday... They... didn't line up, they just crammed themselves near the main entrance... I can see their faces smooshed up against the glass, licking their lips, waiting to get in... God, the sounds that they made... It was 5 am when they opened the doors... There was screaming... blood... people... tearing each other's faces off while holiday music played in the background... I saw a woman... pick up her daughter by the ankle and swing her into some old guy's head... Before I knew it they were all around me... fighting, clawing. Then a hand reached in and pulled me out. Old Cap. He saved us all that day.  Yeah! Thrusters are at 20%, captain. Engage, ensign. Warp factor 1. On screen.  Nothin' much. We're just about to check out a Class M planet that might have new sources of trillurillium. Given the XBox's faster frame rate, we have no choice but to declare it the most technologically fit for Starfleet. Captain, we have an incoming FaceTime request from Eric Cartman. Cheap XBox Ones? For real?  Heheh, who, me? Have you ever been tickled on the inside?  More! More! More! Aaaghghgh.  Stop touching me, Elmo!  Available at South Park Mall staring Black Friday. Morning, Randy. Oh Christ, no! No! They can't line up this soon! This is crazy!  Captain! Captain! The mall is dropping the Black Friday sale another 10%. Oh my God! Sir? Sir, Operations just said they need one of us to unlock the door to Red Robin to let some wedding party inside the mall! Tom Hanks and Beyoncé. What madness is this??   just in time for Black Friday. You've murdered us!  I'll deal with these demons!  That's the line for Black Friday, so other people can do normal shopping today. Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you. Listen, uh... I know why you took this part-time job. I see it in you. You care about people.  Look, I just want to say I... I really appreciate what you're doing. I promised my wife this would be my last Black Friday I worked. When I see folks like you, it... makes me hopeful that people will still be okay. No, damn it!   Back away!  You did ''good''. The watch is yours now. This is what we signed up for. Right, my friend? Heh. Now you know how serious this is. Whatever your intentions before, protect this town. You are in charge now. Take this.  Oh, God, they're already lining up. What? Oh. This rope right here?  Oh. Okay. Thanks.  Elmooo. I'm getting my son that Elmo doll, you fuck!  That's it! You're not delaying this anymore, you wiener-loving bitch!  Give me Elmo. Hey, you damned kids!  Get the hell out of my yard! No, it's my damned garden and I'm sick of you kids dressin' up and havin' talks of betrayal in it! Hey! I told you kids to stay out of my damn yard! Yeah?! Well how come every time you talk to somebody, it's about betraying somebody else?! Don't believe it!  He said that to a bunch of people! ''You're'' callin' the cops?! You're on my property! ''I'm'' callin' the cops!  Hahaa! How's it feel?! Now who's walking who through the betrayal garden?! Why don't you stay the fuck out of my yard?!  He's lying to you!  They're just acting like they've given up, but it's a double-bluff! They're gonna betray you at the Red Robin wedding! He got the idea watching ''Game of Thrones!'' They're gonna lock you in! He talked about it in my garden to like three other people! They're gonna lock you in the Red Robin and go get all the XBoxes! That's why he wants you to stay back from the doors! Fuck you, get out of my garden! Go fuck yourself!  Huh? Isogashii yo!    Sorry to disturb you sir, but we thought you should see this.  Just a small down in Middle America, but apparently, a war is escalating. Sir, if this were to become a news story, and if the first people inside their mall all got XBoxes... well it clearly looks bad for our image. What's going to be the big item everyone goes for this Black Friday? It just might be the PlayStation 4. Sony has just announced they offering a special Black Friday bundle, called the "Brack Friday Bunduru," which will include four controllers, a map of Japan, a hundred dollar rebate, and, allow you to automatically pre-order for Metal Gear Solid V. No doubt Sony has just raised the stakes. Wristbands! We're not ''on'' mall property. Well, what if we just walk really, really slow?  Black Friday! Oh! We can walk really slow. Look.  The Princess! Yeah!  En garde!  Aaah God ow sorry...  Ah! I think my insulin's low. I need to eat. Yeah, we don't like it! Aw shit, I think I'm-I think I'm going to faint. I told you I have to eat every two hours. AAAH!  If I don't get pizza soon, I'm goin' to pass out. Ehhh... Stop! Stop please! I can't take any more!  Jeaaaaah! He hasn't even ordered the pizzas yet! Mr. Ballmer, John and Dave from Marketing are here to see you.  Sir, Mr. Gates is here. Yes, hello. How are things going out there? Uhh, what are you guys talking about? You sound ridiculous. Guys, these are console wars, not some epic battle for a kingdom. I mean, come on. Guys, guys guys! It's just a video game machine, alright? Microsoft's a company that... tries to be above all the petty commercialism, okay? No. Listen, for the last time, we don't have any dragons to send them. If some people wanna choose PlayStations, it's their choice.  Bill Gates?  Hey heeey! Bill Gates actually showing up at Corporate. Not bad, you know? Just tryin' to get this next gen press stuff handled. Oh it's- no, it turns out it was nothing, just some kids tryin' to turn the console wars into somethin' bigger. Yeah, well, nothin' I can't handle.  You know, I think we'll ultimately sell the number of units we want to.  Sir, the tides of war are changing. He claims that with our help, his followers are prepared to fight to the death over which system is better. Okay.  There's a king in Colorado, a young wizard who believes that Sony will have the upper hand if we do not come to his aid.  There's... going to be a war in this small town on Black Friday, and it's all over the news! ...but, this one kid said that he's a wizard, and that Sony is helping- Ok-Okay. Well, Black Friday is still a few days away, but it looks like it's already claimed another fatality. We don't go to work for another hour. He wants us to side with him? That's right, and Niles Lawson is out at the mall with a little holiday surprise. Well, the wait is over and Black Friday is finally here. A little girl is making big waves with her fight against Photoshop. Niles Lawson is on the scene, and Niles, what are you hearing?  Oh, it's you. Our job is to report the news, not make it more violent! Well Black Friday is just around the corner and Tammy, it's getting fierce out there. Niles Lawson is at the scene, and it's about time, Niles. Nine-year-old Wendy Testaburger has started a campaign, and tomorrow will speak before the state senate to ban the use of Photoshopped images, saying they're harmful to young girls.  Young lady, what is your message? And you're not just... being a hater. 'Cause sometimes, girls who aren't well-liked, you know, lash out at pretty and popular girls. Are, are you well-liked at your school? Uh huh. But you're not being jelly? Okay, because I do understand that the jelly school in Aurora is ready to take you in. Is that right, Rick?  Tom, tragedy stuck last night when mall security officer Miles "Happy" Davis was beaten to death with this candy cane after telling a mother she couldn't line up for Black Friday until Thursday night. In honor of the slain mall security officer, the mall has officially decided to drop another 10% off Black Friday deals! Tom, I'm standing in your doorway because we have a hot news story to report.  He says he can promise us a bigger war on Black Friday if we play along. That's right, Tammy. Let's not forget that having a bloodbath on Black Friday is good for the news. It's good for us. The bigger, the better. Right, Tom. Because you're sooo about integrity. Let's go.  Or maybe I should let everyone in the newsroom know what their two anchors are up to! Back to you! Tammy, the excitement over Black Friday is peaking, and none other than Bill Gates himself has shown up to try to make it even bigger.  We understand that you've donated some guns to the kids as well.  That was amazing sex. I enjoyed it immensely. How about you? You know, Microsoft has given kids who want XBoxes on Black Friday a lot of support. Seems a shame that the fight will be so one-sided. Black Friday is about to happen and it's not even gonna be a fight. That's bad for both of us. There must be something you can give to kids who want Sonys to make the fight more even.  Yes, I think that will do nicely. Tom, we have breaking news from the South Park mall. In an effort to make sure everyone is prepared, the mall has decided to push Black Friday by one week! The genius idea was proposed by George R. R. Martin, who also suggested "Fuck it, let's push Thanksgiving to December 3rd." For pushing the date, the mall is now reducing Black Friday prices to 96% off to the first hundred people inside the mall!  Tom, Black Friday is finally almost here, and as you can see behind me, holiday shoppers are really getting antsy. People have been waiting out here since midnight on Thanksgiving. They're cold, they're starving, and there's already been a lot of blood shed over these holiday deals. Joining me now is Rick Tellmore,  who's been out here for six days, and your five year old son was eaten. Is that correct? What is it you're hoping to get when Black Friday does finally start? Now, some people might say that eating your child is not very Christmasy. What would you say to them? No doubt Christmas is alive and well at the South Park Mall. Back to you, Tom. That's right Tom. Mall officials have said they are ready, and doors will open as soon as their guest of honor cuts the ceremonial red ribbon.  but uhh, says he is on his way. Just like the dragons and zombies in his novels, he is on his way. Here we go, Tom. George R. R. Martin has finally arrived to cut the red ribbon.  Tom, the shopping frenzy is over, and it looks like Microsoft's new XBox One is this year's hot item. No doubt this will secure its place as the go-to next-gen console. Black Friday is over. There's been death, violence, horrible human behavior... and the big winner here, decidedly, is Channel 9 News. Oh my God. They can't do that! We're not gonna make it, sir. Okay. Yes sir! Yes sir.  What? That's 90% off! Oh God! They're back! The shoppers are back!  They're comin' in through the roof! Happy holidays, Rick.   Hey Steve, how're you doin'? I heard there's a little trouble in uh, Colorado somewhere? Oh my gosh. You know, when I uh... stepped down and left you in charge of the company, Steve uh, I knew there might be some challenges for you. Uh huh. You're right, Steve. Some changes ''do'' need to be made.  Clean that shit up. That's right. We just wanna do whatever we can to help our supporters get their XBoxes at incredible deals on Friday, so we've come to offer swords and battle axes, whatever the kids can carry to help them fight their way through the other shoppers. Yes, but we are limiting it to one per XBox follower,, because of course, the key thing here on everyone's mind is safety. Certainly. Uh, Eric, right? Oh I certainly don't wanna step on your toes. Don't worry, I'm quite good at letting my CEOs do what they want. Let's face it, this is really just about you and me getting XBoxes. The rest are simply there to help us get through those doors.  It's not over. Looks like I came just in time. Then let's finish it!  You and me!  Winner take all! This... is over... Now... you die! ''{cracks the president's head open and creates a pool of blood, then throwing him into a wall for good measure. The president's brain is exposed. Tired and breathless, Gates walks over to a table and leans on it a little]'' It's over. Xbox... wins!  Go on, kids.   Can I help you? Who is this, please? I'm sorry, but Mr. Martin does not see fans. About what? It's the Red Wedding, isn't it? You hate how I killed everyone off? Oh they're coming. The dragons are on their way. You really wanna know? Alright, King Joffrey is still at King's Landing, but there's a young blacksmith who wakes up one morning with a plan. And His wiener gently hangs down between his legs. Soft and flaccid, his wiener glistened in the golden sunlight. Oh Jeez, uh, why don't you kids come out from the cold? I'll order some pizzas. Come on in! I'll tell you everything that's gonna happen in ''Game of Thrones''.  So then Samwell Tarly sees the army approaching, and his wiener is about this big.  Yeah yeah, they're on their way. They're still coming. So Samwell's wiener goes   Now, John Snow finally faces Jaime Lannister, and this guy's wiener is, you know, huge, right? So it's not goin' to be easy. But this is the best part. Right before King Joffrey gets poisoned, everyone flaps their wieners all around his face. Okay, okay, fine fine. What kind of pizzas do you want? Don't worry! They're coming! Not just two pizzas, there's, there's gonna be five! And they're gonna be huge! You won't believe it! Wait, I haven't told you what happens yet! Well why didn't you say so? I can help with that. I'll make some calls. I know a way to make sure you're completely prepared for Black Friday!  That may be true, but horses have one quality that is unmatched by any other mode of transportation. Ladies and gentlemen, it is my honor to be here this morning on behalf of South Park Mall Partners and channel 9 News, your go-to source for news, weather, and sports. Very well. In the tradition of our ancestors,  But first, I'd like to share with you a few words about my wiener. O soft and pink with purple head.<br />Gently you lay with me on my bed. Look at this wiener.   Yes? Uh, yeah, Kenny's out back playing with his friends. Protect the Princess! Kill 'em! Kill 'em! Get out! <poem><i>One wiener, next to another wiener</i></poem> <poem><i>Two wieners alongside yet another wiener</i></poem> <poem><i>Soft wieners, nice and soft, non-erect wieners!</i></poem> <poem><i>Five wieners in my face</i></poem> <poem><i>Wiener, wiener wiener, wiener wiener </i></poem> <poem><i>Party, wiener party, wiener party, party party, wiener party, wiener wiener </i></poem> <poem><i>Keep them flopping, flopping wieners, floppy floppy, dangle wieners, dangle dangle </i></poem> The President of Sony bids you thanks for all your support of the PS4. He offers you this gift to once and for all make you an official Princess, and to give you the powers you need to win this war on Black Friday.  Oh God. We're done for! Taihen! Mada Microsoft watashi no fune tomatteiru.  Ah! Ikimashita!  Un  Purincessu Kenni ueddingu irimasu ne?  Ki o tsukete, Kenni-chan  Nande koto! Purincessu Kenni koroshita!  Horaa!  Sou ka...  Kore ga mondai desu ne? Ima Purincessu Kenni sugoi irimasu!  Oh! Hayai de! Purincessu Kennu, arigato! Mondai dayo: XBokusu saisho no Bill Gates watashi no PS4 shipment tomatteimasu!  Taihen. Kono console warusu mada owaranai.  Un?  Purincessu Kenni, honto ni zenbu arigato   You will not interfere, Bill Gates! These-a children will get their PS4s! Huh?  Ikimashou!  Then let this be your last fight, Bill Gates.  Sugu, funukenakereba narimasen. Kono Buraku Furaide sugu kuru.  Kawaii na, Purincessu Kenni.  Un.  Purincessu Kenni, sayonara!  Honto! Purincessu Kenni shindeitta!    Sou desu   Kenni-chan, shitsure desu kedo. Wedding invitation kimashita.  Ahh, kawaii!  Uh, I heard a rumor. May I ask, who is it that's getting married? It's, it's real? It's for real? Oho my God, I love them! So Beyoncé is not with Jay-Z anymore? Uh, guys, guys, not those tables. Get the good tables. This is VIP, okay? Hey, sorry guys. Red Robin is closed for a special event today. Oh great, go right on in.  Just do it!  Get on with it, George R. R. Martin!  Enough with the wieners already! Yeah, come on! Grab it Rebecca! Grab it    Good choice!  Yeah, you're right. You make a point. Yeah! Heidi! There's only one boy that Lisa cares about. Heidi! Why?! Don't you care about us?! Heidi! Oh God. I don't think so! We don't wanna cheer with a hater! Nichole! Ugh. Nichole! Nichole! Bebe! Can we maybe try one without Lisa Berger? Bebe! All we're asking is that you do for us what you did for Lisa and help with our imperfections.  You! HATER! Bebe! You suck! Can we try this without Wendy? Yeah! You have a bad self-image, Wendy! You need to go down to the gym and get a better one! What are you gonna do?! Lola! Lola! Lola! I agree! Uh huh! Annie! Oh God. Annie! Annie! Yeah!  But I'm the fat one. Every cheerleading squad has a fat ugly cheerleader and that's me. Shut up! No way. I, I'd just get made fun of. Uh, excuse me. Butters? Um, well, I was just wondering if...  you would like to go to a movie this weekend.  Okay, thanks. What's your problem, Wendy? You're just a hater. Why don't you mind your own business instead of being jelly? Thanks, babe. Lisa Berger!   Don't be sad. If you wanna look really hot, like me, you just gotta be willing to sweat. Get down to the gym and work! Lisa Berger!  It's okay, Wendy. Who care if no one likes you? Maybe you should go out with Butters. Uh-huh. Uh-huh, that's right  That is not a hobbit pipe, for your information! It is a personal oral humidifier to keep all the wrinkles around her mouth from showin'. So haha, all you haters, HA!  Oh, you didn't think of that! Oh, I guess she's not a hobbit then! She must be a beautiful, sexy woman! Man, get the fuck out of here, you hobbit trivia bitch!  Bitch, if you're the hobbit, you need to let me know right now, 'cause I'm makin' a fool of myself out here!  I'm sorry, hold up. Hold up. Hold up. I'm sorry.  Sorry, hold up, I'm sorry, it's okay. Hold up, hold on, I'm sorry. Sorry, sorry, that's okay. I've been jelly before too. I'm sorry. Yeah. Gracias, gracias, all of my children.  The hobbit doesn't turn blue around goblins, just his sword does. Wooowww! Wooowww! Ugh. Ugh. 