Welcome, O Welcome to our little play. It's our hope that you all learn something today. I am a tooth, so white and so strong. I am a tooth, so white and so strong. He's gonna get us. I am a tooth, so white and so strong. I am a toothbrush. My bristles are long. His name is Toothuhkay. I am a toothbrush. My bristles are long. I am a toothbrush. My bristles are long.  Whaat? Together, we work to keep the bad guy away. He's mean and he hurts, and his name's Tooth Decay.  Together we work to keep the bad guy away. He's mean and he hurts, and his name's Tooth Decay.  Together we work to keep the bad guy away. He's mean and he hurts, and his name's Tooth Decay.  Your teeth are your friends. They're friends in your mouth. Take care of your friends or they'll rot and fall out.  What do you mean he's not here? The what?? Is this some kind of joke? We are two weeks into tent rehearsals! Who the heck would sit at home watching the royal wedding?!  Now, now, Tooth Decay, your character is supposed to be mean and nasty. M'kay. Stop cryin'.   Kyle Broflovski! Do you mind telling me where your brother is?! How am I supposed to do a play, okay, teaching students about the importance of dental hygiene without Tooth Decay?! We have two more days of tape, and then previews start on Monday! What am I supposed to do, Kyle?! You tell me!  He's your brother, Kyle Broflovski! Okay! How are you going to fix this?!  What. The fuck. Was that? The audience is supposed to feel scared of tooth decay, Kyle! Mkay?! If Tooth Decay has no believability, then Tooth Past and Dental Floss have nothing to play against! Oh, you're trying! You call rolling your fat ass out on the stage and lazily blurting out your lines like a turtle takin' a shit, you call that tryin'?! This play is supposed to change  Pick it up from there! Wokay, in fifteen fucking minutes you all are not gonna care about this anymore, so I'll just say what I need to say. That was the worst rehearsal we have ever had! We are two days away from opening and you're all fucking around! Oh, don't put this all on Tooth Decay!  Let me tell you something, Dental Floss! You're not as good as you fuckin' think you are! You're already acting like you're a star and we haven't even opened yet! OPEN YOUR FUCKIN' EYES, DENTAL FLOSS! YOU'RE ABOUT TO BLOW YOUR SHOT! I don't know what the Goddamned problem is. Maybe you all don't know how serious tooth decay is, maybe you all just don't give a fuck. You all probably think you can live your lives cavity-free, m'kay, never givin' two shits about the plaque that's building on your teeth. Kyle, you have single-handedly destroyed all that which I worked on for the past six years. And so I want you to know, Kyle, once and for all, why this whole "dental hygiene" thing is so important to me.  Two years ago... I lost my father to tooth decay. M'kay? He was an intelligent, hard-workin' man, and my whole family watched as tooth decay took him in the blink of an eye! You've been told to brush and to floss, but do you really know the importance behind it?! DO YOU?! FLAT! You're FLAT!  I want you all to take a serious fucking look at yourselves! M'kay?! Act I was pure fucking dogshit! If Tooth Decay is singin' flat, then the whole fuckin' thing sounds flat! Wuhkay?! What?! Why?! Don't worry, I will be better! These kids just aren't listenin' to me!  What? Oho... Oh, God... Go on home, kids. M'kay? It's over! You're right. They, they really seem into it, m'kay.  Okay, kids, today we have a special assembly, m'kay. Today we're going to learn about "the diversity of Asian people." Please welcome Mr. Lu Kim and Mr. Junichi Takiyama.  M'kay, Stan, you, you've gotta try and pull yourself out of this, m'kay? I know that... your parents recently got divorced. M'kay, that's gotta be hard. I know that's... that's bad. But when you walk around all mopey, m'kay, and sayin' everything is... just shitty, well, that's called bein' a Debbie Downer, Stan. And nobody likes a Debbie Downer, m'kay. ...I mean you've gotta, you've gotta snap out of it, Debbie. Come on, Debbie, you're even bummin' me out now, m'kay? Your attitude just- just sucks. Okay, well, that's not gonna happen, Debbie. Okay, you know, uh life, life has to change, m'kay? Huh... e-excuse me a minute, Stan. m'kay?  Uh, hi, Ms. Bronski? Did we vaccinate Stan for the flu last year? We did? Uh oh... I think he's got Asperger's.  Attention South Park Students: will the following students report to the Principal's office immediately? Eric Cartman? Thank you. Yes, and the reason he killed himself, Eric, was that the ridicule and the torment from other students,  spearheaded by you, cause him-! Spearheaded by you, m'kay, made him feel there was no other way out. We are hoping that if you don't fan the flames, Eric, the other students might forget might forget about it!  No, not cool! M'kay, she's on suicide watch, Eric! She's given up on life! Our students did average, maybe just below average. Uh, hi, Jan, it's Counselor Mackey. Uh... how long would it take to organize a Pizza Friday for the students? Yeah, yeah... no, they uh, they actually did really well on the state exam. Yeah, mkay. Eh, Is this one good? Alright Eric, well, well get back to class. We don't want anyone seeing you in here with us. Alright, fine. Bring her in, Adler.  I/m sorry about this, Ms. Gomez.  Alright now, get back to class! Adler, get rid of those laxative bottles! Trash all the Arby's horsey sauce packages too! There cannot be one piece of evidence of what we did here!  Stop that rat! We're alone, now what the hell are we gonna do? Oh right! "The School Faculty Tries To Poison All Their Students." That's not gonna be on Wikileaks! All we were tryin' to do was keep another one of our students from killing themselves! We're not bad! We're not bad. I mean, maybe what we needed was just to think outside the box here. I mean, if there's anything we've learned is that the only thing that makes a juicy story go away is a juicier story. Hey that's right. Corey Duran killed himself last year and we're STILL dealing with the fallout. Maybe there is a way out of this. But we're gonna have to throw Eric Cartman under the bus. We get a bus... and then we... throw Eric Cartman under it. Oh! Oh God! Oh God he killed himself! Eric Cartman killed himself! Did you see that? Oh why would he do it?  Oh wait uh here, here's a suicide note. Mkay. ''[opens it up and reads it:] Dear Guys, I just cannot go on mkay. I'm tired of being <u>FAT</u>, mkay, and I have to end it all. Mkay. -Eric Cartman.''  Well why the hell didn't you say so! Come on, let's go!  Okay, let's just delete all this tabloid garbage, mkay.  Oh Eric! Uh, Eric, I know we kinda threw you under the bus, mkay, but I hope you understand the faculty didn't really have a choice. Well I think you're being very mature about this, Eric. It was an overly generous move to give all the faculty those cupcakes. I wanna thank you. Mkay.  Oooh. Oh, gee, uh... Yeah, I j-I just uh I'll be right back. Oh!  OW!  Ooohhh, it's bad! He's not here. He's at home watching the royal wedding. Oh no! It's Tooth Decay. That's because Tooth Decay sucks. And dental floss also is here to help you. He said he had to watch it. It is a glorious spring morning and literally, thousands have gathered for the royal wedding.  Prince takes his place next to the large vat of butterscotch pudding. Oh, and here she comes. Yes, there she is! The aboot to be Princess of Canada. Isn't she ravishing, so innocent of heart, so strong in body, so hot in the face? She is indeed the living symbol of our great country. My God, she's beautiful. Canadian prince now dipping his arms into the pudding.  This is certainly breaking with tradition now. Canadians in attendance cannot believe their eyes. Widespread panic.  The princess now giving the Canadian Medal of Courage to Ugly Bob, and also to Scott, who is of course a giant dick, and Katuktuk of the Yukon. And the medal of course made of white chocolate, as is tradition. What a glorious day for Canada, and therefore, the world. The duke of Calgary standing up and putting on a fake beard, a tradition passed down since the birth of Canada. The princess now knighting Sir Ike Broflovski, giving him three kisses and a pair of socks, as is tradition. And now the scraping off of the pudding. And now the scraping off of the pudding.  He's really making a good go of it. What a glorious day for Canada, and therefore of course, the world. Dedicated. Patriotic. Tireless. These are the men and women of the US Border Patrol. They work around the clock protecting America's prosperity. They are the front line in making sure Mexicans stay here and work. The border patrol is uncompromising, diligent, and kewl. They will defend, arrest, and most importantly, let the Mexicans know that they are way better off here in the United States.  A lot has been written about the first Thanksgiving between Pilgrims and Native Americans. but what really happened at that first historic dinner?  And what about the food?  Did ancient aliens shape the first Thanksgiving? Is it mere coincidence that Cape Cod, when viewed from space, looks like an alien life form?  It has become a widely accepted fact that Thanksgiving was a meal attended by Pilgrims, Native Americans, and alien beings. And while the number of people who accept the alien theory continues to grow, some experts have stepped forward with a wildly different view altogether. Could it be that Pilgrims were actually aliens themselves?  Could it be that the Pilgrims we've read about all these years actually came from another planet? History experts like Kyle Broflovski say "yes." Not long ago, it was an accepted fact that civilizations on Earth shared the universe with beings from other planets.  With the wormhole once again open, Miles Standish was finally able to command a Pilgrim army. The Pilgrims fought off the Indians, making stuffing once again available on all our Thanksgiving tables. And now you know the true story behind Thanksgiving. But was the first Thanksgiving really just about Pilgrims and Indians from space? Or was there something more? Shocking new evidence suggests that the first Thanksgiving might also have been...  haunted! The Pilgrims welcomed the Indians, but did they also unknowingly welcome spirits from beyond the grave?  Pabst Blue Ribbon and white trash. It's a deadly combination that can lead to prison time and children being taken away from their home. This white trash home in Colorado seems innocent enough.  But the children in this home live in a world of neglect. There's no heating, no groceries,  Three arrests in just one power-packed episode, proving once again that we are all just one Pabst Blue Ribbon away from becoming... white trash in trouble! Sponsored by Schlitz.   Nooo. NOOO!  Because you're a giant dick. Stop being a dick, Scott! Princess!  Princess, look away!  The tornado was said to be the deadliest in fifty-six years. In other news, it's been twenty-four hours now and the Princess of Canada is still missing. All of Canada is in mourning as nationwide suicides abound.  A massive candlelight vigil was held last night, led by the Canadian band, Rush. the Prince of Canada has said that-... uh-... Uh, we have just received breaking news that the Canadian government now knows who took the princess. The Canadian Prime Ministries instructing all people of Canadian descent to go home and... open their box of faith.  The first documented case of a child developing Asperger syndrome from school vaccinations  At a press conference today the media heard from the young boy's father, Steamy Ray Vaughn. In response to the embarrassment, the President of the United States has passed "Stan's Bill," putting an end to school-mandated vaccinations. It is yet unknown if any other children have contracted from the vaccinations, but if so, multimillion-dollar lawsuits are probably not far behind. The princess is gone! AAAAAH! AAAAAH! AAAAAH! AAAAAH! AAAAAH! AAAAAH! The princess is gone!  ''And it seems to me you lived your life like a flower-breaking wind. [farts. Members of the crowd begin killing themselves] Never knowing whom to count on... [Alex Lifeson shoots himself in the head. The singer breaks down and cries]'' Hello there, my noble, strong, fellow Canadians. If you are watching this film strip, then no doubt Canada is in grave danger. As you know, the very heart of Canada is the Royal Family. If you have been ordered to open your Box of Faith, then one or more of the Royal Family must be in peril. Or else you just opened your Box of Faith and are watching this without being told to, in which case you are a dick. If you have indeed been instructed to open the box, then this is a call to arms! All Canadians in fighting condition are asked to meet by the tree in Edmonton. In your Box of Faith, you will find all the items you need: a location beacon, a first-aid kit, and a sandwich. You may eat the sandwich now. Good luck, Canadian citizen, and God help. All of Canada is relying on you.   Ike, where are you going?  ...I don't know. Well, could-couldn't just you know, get rid of the part of Tooth Decay? I am Tooth Decay. Your teeth shall be mine. With candy and treats I will take- I'm just doing the line. Uh I'm trying, Mr. Mackey, I really am. Oh no, dental floss, what will I do? I mean, come on guys, that's pretty cool, right? My little brother is a knight in Canada.  Hmmm, yeah.  ...No, dude, that's not the trailer for ''Terminator 5'', that really happened. You get in trouble again, Cartman?  No they didn't. That doesn't make any sense. How big do they say mine is?  Well everyone has already seen it; nothing we can do about it now. Didn't you forget something? You measured everyone's wiener except for yours.  Thirteen point seven inches? Your wiener is not 13 inches long!  Dude, this is probably the best episode they've ever done! I'm so happy!  Oh no! It's that  super-sad Sarah McLachlan commercial! Look away! Dude, this is the saddest commercial ever! Don't watch!  Why do they have to put this on TV?!  Aaaggh, God. I can't take it anymore! I gotta go volunteer, dude!  What exactly can I do to help? Oh it's, it's so sad.  What are ''you'' doing here?  ...What are ''you'' doing here?! Why do you have a video camera? I'm sorry, can I come back in just a little bit? Thanks.  What's going on?! So what ''are'' you doing?! Alright, what is it?! Why do you need me? I knew you were doing something terrible! Lots of people will when I tell them! You what? A thousand dollars. There's a big wait to sit down. Jesus Christ. Wow...  And it actually helps the crack babies. It's like volunteering but, but we just make a little on the side. Hey Stan. Dude, I want you to have this. It's the twenty bucks I owed you plus thirty dollars interest. I got a job, Stan. I am making tons of money doing some really cool stuff. Crack baby... basketball. No no, it's n-it's not like it sounds. Here, check it out.  Did you know they're putting bacon inside of pancakes at Denny's? Dude, what actually makes total sense about it, if you look at it, is that the crack babies are finally getting some attention ''and'' the care that they need.   Ooogh. Dude, the thing is, we're not the ones that made them crack babies. That's their moms' goddamned fault! I do not sound like Cartman goddamnit!  I need to talk to you.   In our deal with EA Sports we are giving them the right to use images of the crack babies ''and'' their names. But we aren't paying the crack babies. But this video game can make a million dollars. We have to give the crack babies a piece of that. Gut they're the ones risking injury. The government could come after us, Cartman. So then where did the eight hundred dollars we made from selling an Internet ad to Payless Shoe Source go? A hot tub?! Gravy? No way. I know, but dude, we can't license our games to EA Sports and pay the crack babies nothing. Slavery is illegal. What other companies? Here's the thing: Whether or not I'm a part of it, crack baby basketball is popular. Somebody's going to do it. So the only way for me to try and help the situation is to be involved in it, so that I can steer things in a direction that is more beneficial to the actual crack babies.  Oh, it's sooo easy for you, isn't it? I mean, what do ''you'' have to do except lay there and think about what you did at school today, or what you want to watch on TV tomorrow? Well sorry, Skippy, but the world isn't always black and white! Just because some people are born poorer than others doesn't mean I can't enjoy a few McDonald's French fries in a hot tub of gravy from Kentucky Fried Chicken! It happens to be called poutine in Montreal!   Alright Cartman, I've been doin' a lot of thinking about how the company's gonna spend the money we make off the EA Sports deal. We're going to use thirty percent of the money to build an orphanage for the crack babies. I've designed it to be the best place for them to live. A place where they can finally have the care and happiness they deserve. And if you think it's a bad idea, I really don't care! ...What? And so, thirty percent of the money we make off the licensing agreement with EA Sports goes to the orphanage for the needy crack babies. Did you see the blueprints? The babies will have their own putt putt golf course.  Why does it matter how much I'm making, Stan? If the crack babies are getting a place to grow and develop, why does my salary matter? What? Look, let's just get our money from EA Sports and get out of this whole thing once and for all! Wait a minute. According to this you now own all the rights to Crack Baby Basketball and we got nothing. You can't do this! We were gonna build an orphanage! So the crack babies have somewhere to go! You guys, we've just been screwed over and lied to! It's unbelievable, Stan. EA Sports just used us the entire time. We worked for nothing and EA made all the money. You know, I don't think we actually deserved getting screwed over but, but I guess making tons of money off of people who are making nothing is always gonna cause problems. I know, I know, right? We might've got screwed, but the really tragic thing is that those, those poor crack babies at the hospitals are just gonna be stuck there, with nowhere to go.  This is it! This is it, Stan!  excuse me, what is this place? But who paid for all this?  You don't think that-? But he isn't real. Wait wait it-it's Stan's birthday. Oh God... Here, this one's from me, Stan. Yeah dude! Yeah they're the best! But that's our music! We like it! Gross!   Dude, have you really listened to the sixth track? I think it's my new favorite. Sure.  What's up? Oh. Really? Um well that's okay. Why? What's it sound like? What? You mean like you don't like the singing, or the lyrics, or what? No. NO. Dude, maybe you should see a doctor. Alright guys, do you think he's lying or telling the truth? Hey, Stan. What did the doctor say? Oh. Well, come on, we're playing L.A. Noire. Yeah, we got him! We're gonna level up to detective! Alright, ahhh, why don't we do something else? You don't wanna eat it? Erm, okay, I know. How about we go to the mall? Ugh, okay Stan, what do ''you'' wanna do?  I know! That's so hilarious! No, ah I didn't lie to you. Ah I was um... uh I felt better and then the guys called and said that they felt better and uh- Alright dude, we were going to the movies. Look, Stam, we-we just wanted to be able to go to the movies and enjoy ourselves, you know? I'm sorry but... you're a bummer to be around. Everything is "that looks like shit" and, and "this is shitty!" Look dude, it's just one movie. We wanna have a good time.  Okay. But you've gotta promise to not complain. Dude, you said you wouldn't say everything looked like shit! Shhh, you're doing it again! No, they're penguins! Stop it! That's it, Stan! I'm not sitting through a whole movie with you!   Dude, you've... you've changed. No. And I don't want to. Look Stan, maybe we should fo-  Oh shut up Cartman! You don't even know what you're talking about! That's only a vaccination for girls, stupid!  Because some people think vaccinations can give you autism or Asperger's! That's what they're talking about on the news! Yes! You wanna bet?  Let's go ask my Dad right now! I've tried, Wendy. I've called him, I've been to his house. But since his diagnosis, all he's done is gotten worse. I can't keep doing it, Wendy. I know he has an illness, but goddamn, it uh, it's like being around a black hole that just sucks the life out of everything.  positive attitude. What's the matter dude? You made hamburgers? Well that's awesome! I'd love one.  This is really good, Cartman. Yeah.  Cartman made them himself. Seriously, Cartman. You could make money with these! About three minutes, fatass!  Dude, come on Cartman. As employees, don't you think ''we'' should get to see what the final secret flavor enhancer is? Stan?  Hey, Stan! Stan, are you alright? Really? Uh, Stan, that's great.  Dude. Have you been drinking? It's too late for that. Things just can't go back, Stan, uh.  Ah-I'm with Cartman Burger now. See? There you go again. Look at you dude. Look what you've become. Yeah, it's fine. Yeah yeah, ahh I'll be right there. Look, dude, things around here have changed. Sometimes, the only way to keep going is to make a left turn. There, ten mediums and five medium-rares. Next please.  Oh, hey. What are you doing? I don't know. Why?! So that we can lose our business and everything can go back to old times?!  Oh God! Look, I know you got Asperger's from the school and I I'm sorry. But your negativity is poison to me! You said "fuck you" to my face, Stan. Alright, look. I honestly don't know the secret, dude. Only Cartman does, and that's how it's gonna work for us. You were sticking these in your ass, Cartman?!  Dude, we're gonna see the new Zoopeeker movie! Look, guys, all we need to do is split up and apply some good diversion tactics. We'll use the Texans' emotions against them. Hey Texans! Let me through; we want a treaty! Better than being a fat-ass Texan! No, you're fat to begin with, chubby! Now you're Texan too! So then don't have a slumber party if you're gonna be an asshole all night!  He was with us at dinner. Wait. Was he with us at dinner? Butters?  Jesus, it's freezing out here. He, he could be dead. Wugh, game on.  Cartman, what the hell is this?!  "Wanted by the U.S. Border Patrol"?! "Permission to shoot on sight"?! Butters has been missing for a week! You might have inadvertently gotten him killed!  Stop being a pouty little bitch 'cause you lost, Cartman! Yeah, you're a great Meheecan, Butters, just not a great leader of Meheeco.  The blond kid?  How do you know?! What's that? Dude, that's so wrong! What's up? Dude, that's fucked up. It's funny that something that should be completely private is put up on a Web site for everyone to see?? That's not funny.  I'm not looking at that! It wouldn't be funny if that Web site posted something about you! So, just to be completely clear, now it isn't funny, right? Where is it coming from? If it's on the school network we can track the IP address.  Whoever it is using the computer in the music room. Get ready guys. Whoever is in here is the kid that's hacking our e-mails and phone calls! You guys ready?! One.  Get it!  Wikileaks.  It says here his name is Wikileaks. What? What is that thing? Just tell us where Lemmiwinks is being held prisoner so we can kill this stupid rat! Here's a shoebox!  Grab him!  What the hell happened?! Yeah, but you know? I think we all learned an important lesson about laughing at other people's misfortunes. Four weeks we gotta do this? Shut the hell up, Cartman! How do you murder a stuffed animal?! Hey dude, ah are you the guys messing with Cartman's stuffed animals? Yeah, but dude, he seriously could have died in that fire. It's not me! I'm here to help you, fatass! We told him to grow up. So he got rid of his stuffed animals. Well, it is kinda true, you know? Thanksgiving is fun and all, but the Native Americans got pretty screwed over.  Hey, fatass! Instead of laying in bed eating, why don't you come and help?! How is that gonna help?! What? This isn't history. What?? We're not basing research for our report on this crap!  Dude!  Alright, fine! Let's just get this stupid report over with! Dude, shut your fuckin' mouth! Dude, look, we, we just saw all this stuff on History Channel. We saw it on your channel. You might as well just say Pilgrims and Indians were ''all'' aliens who came here and made some kind of intergalactic treaty! How can they make a show out of this? I wasn't even agreeing with them.  ...Uh oh. I was just explaining how a negative argument doesn't make a po- Ack dude!   Dude, there's a guy with a gun here! Would you guys stop?! No, ah I don't. I actually only just said that sarcastically. But I always read that Native Americans were here, and that Pilgrims and other settlers kind of took their lands from them. I'm not a professor. You are the fucking History Channel! So, do you uh, do you have any brothers or sisters, Natalie?  Wow, awesome. Um... Um... so...  So dual citizenship, wow, uh... You know that I, I never knew anyone that had that. Cool. Cool... You wanna order some dessert? Yeah, it was cool, thanks.  Um, so... Is there any way you'd You know, could youuu... Would you please just open your wormhole?!  Errh! Yeeah, you're welcome. I'm sorry I doubted you. And guys, I'm I'm sorry I acted like a know-it-all.  I guess we should all realize...   Oh, come on!! Dude, I don't think Kenny's coming back. My dad said those Child Protective Services people are pretty serious. That's what you care about?! Who's the poorest kid in school now?!  My name. Is not. "Kyel". I hear your parents might give up selling meth for good. How was jail, fatass?! Whereas salagadoola mechicka boola = x and bibbidi-bobbidi-boo is y, put 'em together and whattaya got? Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo. x + y = y, x = 0. The song is badly written. Second verse: x + y = bibbidi-bobbidi cubed + boo- And so children, at noon today, all the girls will go to the gymnasium for their vaccinations, and boys will head on out to recess.  No. Butters, that's not how it works. Sit down boys, we'll talk about this later. Right now we're talking about vaginal warts. And now number 17 many of you got wrong as well. The correct answer was D, whales are mammals.  They're not fish like some of you retards chose. What's the matter? Well, okay. Okay children, let's all take our seats.  As you all know, Thanksgiving is only two weeks away. And so the school has arranged for a lecture from a real live Native American. Hey. Hey there.  The name's Ugly Bob. Oh, the giant! Well, at least we tried. I guess the princess is gone for good, eh? Who? The Native Canadians? He says that the taking of the princess was foretold. He says Eskimos do hate us Canadians, but that there's an even bigger threat to Canada who has the princess. He said the evil that took her wasn't Canadian at all, but a beast who preys upon people of all nationalities. They can lead us to the best, but we will have to destroy it. Aw, leave the kid alone, Scott. Don't worry. If there's one thing Eskimos are good at, it's finding things. Wait a minute.  Of course! The evil Atonkatok! The dark lord that takes from ALL nationalities! It's... Tooth Decay! It's coming for me! Help! Brave Canadians! You have answered the call, and now we must face our greatest foe! The princess has been kidnapped, and we believe this to be the work of... the giant! We are attempting to attract the giant now, with a bowl of Kraft dinner.  Give us back the princess, Scott! You're a dick, Scott! You have always been... a dick! And then you got radiation poisoning in Ottawa and now you're a giant dick! Just hand over the princess of Canada! Aw, crap. Sorry, everyone. Looks like we had some bad intel. Return to your homes!  Oh, the giant, that's not good. Fee fi fo fum! I smell Kraft dinner. It's the giant! Skod!  You fart-loving tricksters! I'll take care of all of you! No! You all kept calling me a dick, and so then that turned me into a dick! And then I got radiation poisoning in Ottawa and now I'm a giant dick! Why would I take the princess of Canada? I'm also the biggest Canadian patriot of all of you! You know that I would never harm the royal family! What is wrong with you people?! It is perfectly obvious who took the princess! I might be a giant, but there is one threat to Canada bigger than me! The Native Canadians. There. You see that? God-damned Native Canadians! Think they run the world. Fart-loving Eskimos! I'm sure they've taken the princess! Just look at them! Loudmouthed self-centered assholes! Let's get 'em! Let's fuck them up!  Oh shit! This is stupid! I'm tellin' you you're making a mistake, kid! Well what are we doing, following this ice beaner?! We've been walking around for hours! Eskimos are good for nothing! I paid one to give me a blowjob once. All she did was rub her nose against my penis for forty-five seconds and asked me to pay her! Goddamned polar gooks! Oh, so now I'm a dick! It's the princess! There! Who took you, Princess?! Fart-loving tooth decay! I'll fix you!   You did it, kid! Etiach kedni i kia ta po. Ota-a kiednia unshke tia.  Ateachine nishifeomeo onchteacobo ahuashbechiah eh... Iyach danich Iyahachdashey. Etiapo kitte kihine. Oteacha hiya. Oteacha chihiyata honhahaha. <poem><i>....... Look at them ... becoming friends ... here in Oz, you love blowjobs.</i></poem> <poem><i>....... Suddenly ... Don't you love free love blowjobs?</i></poem> <poem><i>On you bed</i></poem> Dichila enjunako o achla. Tolato'n jenako o ach.  Dolede'ne junagonehe ha'i aantah. Junekolak osne kae dedahaes's ethlah? Bitchen junako.   Washia hayub 'an. <poem><i>But the tigers come at night!</i></poem> Yeah, that's right. Visit your dentist. He is your friend too.  It's all Tooth Decay's fault. It's him. Lechambik leeushtula. Aaaaaah! Decheheng janon cheha i a. Nejenego ha'i aa dalah.  AAAAAAH!   Please, save me! You have to hurry! It wants to kill me! I should have listened! I didn't believe it was real! Oh, God! It's behind you!  I should have always brushed and flossed and avoided sweets! Save me! Save me! Help!  Oh, thank you! Thank you!  I am Tooth Decay! Your teeth shall be mine!  We're putting a stop to this play! It's over. No, it's over! They got him, Mr. Mackey. Tooth Decay. They got the son of a bitch. You can let it go, Mackey. Tooth Decay is gone. Sir, does this mailman belong to you? There's been an Asian turf war, sir, and your son appears to have caused it. We'll send a bill for the damages,  Well, at least everything is accounted for. Thank God you came when you did, Dr. Janus. Well I suppose there's no need for jail, Mr. and Mrs. Stotch, so long as you ground your son.  This is South Park Police! We know the truth, Dr. Janus! He's not Chinese! He's white!  Your name is Dr. Janus! That's right. Of all his multiple personalities, the strongest was Lu Kim. And we never would have known... if it hadn'ta been for Inspector Butters.   does the world really need another therapist? Well I mean, would it really be so bad for us to just let him go on thinking he's Lu Kim forever? Now that City Sushi is gone, City Wok is the only Chinese restaurant left in town. Done! Go ahead. We're gonna process him and get him back to the restaurant.   Jesus, this protest is getting out of hand! Alright, what exactly are we dealing with? And where are the actual protesters? How are we gonna contain this ting?! Bon Jovi? Damnit! Don't these protesters know what this is all heading towards?  Full-on class warfare. It's here! The class warfare is finally here! Up in the Yukon. All bureaus are confirming it. My sister is a den leader in Girl Scouts. No, dude, that's not Skeletor, that's Terminator's wife. Dude we're, we're just trying to eat. Yeah. Dude, why would the school put up the sizes of our wieners? Wait, it says mine's only 2.1 inches. That doesn't seem right. You made everyone else get measured with witnesses; you have to too. You just did that to everybody in class! Yeah. That's good. A little higher on Craig's side.  I know! This is awesome! What? Aw dude, that's so sad.  Awww dude, awwww. Go long, Tolkien! Go go!  Wow, really?  Doing what?  ...Dude. ...You sound like Cartmam. Yeah, I'm sure that's what Cartman would say too.  McDonald's French fries in a hot tub of... KFC gravy? You guys are ten years old and you just figured out that Slash isn't real? Oh my God.   It's what?  Maybe. Or maybe we haven't been told such a big fib after all.  Oh cool, Legos. Thanks, Butters. Oh thanks, dude. Oh cool, is this the new Gersploosh album? Mom, I'm 10 years old now. We don't know what you're talking about! It doesn't sound that way to us! That sounds like shit! I know, Mom. I love you too. It's okay, Mom. I understand. 'Night.  Hey dudes. Yeah, yeah I've listened to it. Um, Kyle, can I talk to you alone for a second? Kyle, I have to admit something to you. You know how I told you over the phone I like the new Gersploosh album? I lied. I don't like it. I don't like it at all, Kyle. No, you don't understand dude. Something's happened. Tween Wave doesn't sound the same to me. It... kind of sounds like shit. No. I mean it sounds like somebody is shitting in my ears. Please, just listen really close.  You don't hear shit? That doesn't sound like shit to you? And so then I put on exactly the same album that I really like a year ago, and it sounded like shit to me. Yeah. I used to love these Pop Rock things, and I tried them the other day and I thought they tasted like shit. I just turned 10. So this is normal? Sounds like shit. Uh that sounds like shit too. Yeah dude, it's just shit. They both look the same.  No. They both look like turds about to be reheated to me. Oh no. Hey guys. He said I have cynicism? Something you can get when you get older but, it's stupid. I'm not cynical. All the doctor wants is a paycheck. I went to him for help and he just stood there spouting a bunch of shit. Agh, that shitty game? Who plays video games to listen to a bunch of characters talk and press the X button? How can people say this game is cool? It doesn't even matter what choices you make. That's such a shitty device to keep people playing.  Aw, dude, this looks like shit. It just looks like shit to me, a bunch of processed, gooey shit. Ugh, bunch of people trying to sell us a bunch of shit. What, oh I don't care, I'm cool with whatever. Yeah it sucks. All my friends are sick with the flu. Do you have anything on the menu that doesn't taste like shit? Why? There's nothing but shit on TV, video games are all shit, and the world's a big turd. The only thing that doesn't seem like total shit to me are my friends, and they're all sick. Just, get me a cheeseburger and tell the chef to go easy on the shit.  I thought you guys were sick!  Dude, you totally lied to me! Where were you guys going?! Why didn't you tell me? I wanna go to the movies. You guys... don't wanna be around me? Please, Kyle, I can change my attitude. I promise. Let me go to the movies with you. I won't say a word. Oh shit. Jesus, how long before they start this Goddamned thing?!  Awww God!  Sorry if I see things for what they are! Ok- okay, okay, I'm sorry. How can you say that looks good?!  Ugh. But it's just crap. Oh come on, people! Oh dude dude wait, I'm sorry. Me?! Did you see that shit?! Hang on guys! Kyle? I haven't changed, the world has. Don't you see it?   I just want everything to go back to the way it was. How?... When all the things that made you laugh, just make you sick. How do you go on when nothing makes you happy?  Wait, it's not a real illness?  Uh, nooo nonono, we're not doing this!  Yeah. Who are you people? Huh? Aliens? Because of aliens?  Yeah I'm ready! Ahhhh!  Oh coool!  Adam Sandler's funny.   Dude, I'm sorry. I've been a shitty friend. I miss my buddy. You were right: Adam Sandler is fuckin' hysterical! Yeah dude, I totally get it now. I can see how lame I was saying everything was, was shit.  You're not listening to me, Kyle. Dude, we have to go do this one thing, and then everything can go back to normal! ...Dude, Cartman Burger? Seriously? How shitty- is that fuckin' concept?  Come on, Kyle. This is about you and me, remember?!  I feel like total shit. The rock creatures? Dude, I canh- I... I can't do any... Ugh God.   ...Enchirito? What? You guys are aliens? Dude, I don't know! I'm not friends with him. No, no, we don't hang out anymore. Dude, I didn't walk away! I turned 10 and everything he wanted to do seemed shitty to me, so I-! I don't know! Kyle, you've gotta tell me the secret to Cartman Burger. How do you guys make them so yummy?  Dude, just tell me the secret to Cartman Burger No, because there's aliens with a sniper-chicken on me. Dude, I'm sorry that I've been bumming you out, but it's not my fault! Dude, I didn't realize what I was saying. Just stop it! You people are so full of shit! No, I'm done with that!  I don't want everything to go back to the way it was!  Or maybe this kid will. Maybe it won't be like before, but... at least it'll all be new. And that's what's gonna make it so that I can keep going. For the first time in a long time, I'm really excited.   What? No, dad, no. No, please! No, Mom, sometimes you've got- a left turn. ...K, coming.  Uh, Butters, I think we're gonna go back to Kyle being team leader. You're a great Meheecan, Butters, but maybe just not a ''leader'' of Meheeco. Base!  So, so then, so then the pope says, "Maybe you should go check the toilet."  Cartman, stop pouting that you lost the game. What are you talking about? Yeah, I think he was? Wait. Butters! Ahhh, I think we'll stick with Kyle, dude. You made it across the border, but it did take you... two and a half weeks. What? What about him? Turn it up.  No way. The-hay've got a video of Pete Melman's mom showing up with fresh underwear on Eavesdropper! Come on dude, it's pretty funny. Yeah dude, that's pretty funny. Dude, check it out! Eavesdropper found an e-mail from Jenny Simons' boyfriend calling her "soft-serve Simon." Come on, dude, it's pretty funny! I wouldn't care. What?  Kenny! Kenny, what the fuck?! How did Eavesdropper get a hold of my e-mail to you?! Do you just leave your e-mails open for everyone to read?! That was a private e-mail from me to you!  Hey Wendy. No, I was telling Kenny ''he'' would like it. Wendy, it was just a quick e-mail to Kenny. New stories pop up on Eavesdropper every hour. People are gonna forget all about this. This is an issue of trust and privacy! We have to all work together to put an end to Eavesdropper once and for all!  Yes, Kyle. Ugh, What's funny about having our private lives hacked into?! Shut up Butters! What we have to find out is who in the school is running Eavesdropper! I've done an extensive profile, and I've narrowed it down to somebody in this very room!  And we're not gonna-! What? How do you know? We only have music class on Thursday. Oh I'm ready! Don't let him get away! What the hell? A stupid rat is in charge of Eavesdropper? Stop that rat!  Knock it off!  You see? There, look! It says Eavesdropper's biggest story every is coming out this afternoon. Lemmiwinks? Our old class gerbil? Do you know why a gerbil is running around hacking our phone calls and putting our secrets up on the Internet? Hi. Does a Vernon Trumski live here? Come on, guys!  Quick, we need something to carry him in! We just need to borrow him, kid.   Look dude, we don't have much time. Wikileaks is about to post his biggest scoop ever on Eavesdropper! Lemmiwinks can stop him! Whoa whoa wait, wait!  Can't this thing go any faster? Craig, are we still clear? Please, can this wait? A big story is about to about to come out on Eavesdropper and we have the only way to stop it! Stop right there, you little rat! Phew. I'm sure glad that's over with. Come on, Larry!  Dude, why does this happen every time? Come on, Feegan, either jump or get off!  Hey wait, Dad, are you guys really going away? What about us? No. Dad. Please don't do this!  Dad? God this sucks! Alright Cartman, stop ripping on other people to make yourself less embarrassed about the fact that we're all here because of you! Because of you! It's your fault that we have to do this! We have to do this because you're unhealthy! That's what we mean by "grow up" dude! Stop being a baby! Dude, Butters, how many times do we have to go over this? That's not Skeletor, that's a woman named Maria Shriver. Yeah. Well, just... you and your friends were the ones saying Cartman needs to suffer?  Stop it, Cartman! It's true! We came to keep an eye out. Stephen Tamil said he had something big planned. Hey! Cartman, what the hell are you doing?! Dude, what the hell? We all have to do this report together, dude. Dude, it ''is'' called History Channel. ...What? 'bout what? That... stuffing was never heard of before 1621, so it might be alien technology? Wow, check it out dude, we're on TV.  I don't know, dude. Have you seen that stuff about the pyramids and the link to Mars? I'm just saying there's lots of symbols and signs out there that show aliens and history are pretty linked. Dude! Yeah, go on dude! I didn't think so.  Who's this? Aw, I think he's just kind of pissed off he was wrong about the whole ancient alien thing. It's cool dude, we understand. Wow, there's a lot about Thanksgiving I never knew before. Did you hear anything more about what happened? We can't let Kenny be sent away forever. There's gotta be something we can do. Really? Well it sure is good to have you back, Kenny. ...What the fuck?! My uncle is the second-in-line to be manager at Gart Brothers.  This is the last fucking straw!!! I AM GOING TO FUCKING KILL EVERYBODY!!!  This stupid school and its stupid principal have gone too far this time!!!! No, I didn't do a damn thing!!! Nothing!!! I told you, this school is a DEN of SNAKES!!! You're not gonna believe what they did this time, you guys!!! Oh, you think I'm overreacting again, huh?! No!!! Not this time!!!  You remember the school physical we all took last week?! Well, the school put the sizes of all our penises up on a big chart in the school hallway!!! Yeah they fucking did, Kyle!!! Because they don't fucking care!! I've told you this!! They don't give a shit about the students, and they live to make us miserable!! Go look for yourselves!!! There, you see?! Can you fucking believe it?! Yeah, dude, look at it! It says right there: "Eric Cartman, 1.2 inches"!  Why would they tell everybody that?! They wanna measure my wiener?! Fine! But don't put me on blast! No shit, Sherlock! My dick isn't 1.2 inches either! It ISN'T! This is another conspiracy by the school faculty! They're trying to stir up some big thing again, get all the girls all heated up - freaking out - over which boy has the biggest schlong! This has to be dealt with! Oh, there's something we can do about it alright! If they're gonna put us on blast, they're at least gonna get the numbers right! We are going to remeasure!!  You see, witnesses? That's .2 inches more than what the school said. Nice one, Clyde. Alright, next?  Alright Butters, let's see what you got going down there. Butters, I don't have time for this! I can't wait if your wiener is pulling a Scared Turtle. Alright Butters, looks like we haaave 2.- wow, 2.4 inches. Really nice, Butters. Alright, that's everybody. Let's go post these numbers.  What? What, Kyle? I measured mine this morning. See? It's right here at the top.  Yeah, it's pretty good. Well what are you guys going to do?! Use a tape measure and measure my penis yourselves?! Are you homos?! Okay, fine! Whatever! Go ahead!  There, you see? My wiener ''isn't'' 1.2 inches, it's 1.4!  Clearly I'm very happy with the size of my wiener, or else why would I have called for a new measurement, and for this poster to be put up at all?! Don't forget that this was all my idea! Oh, Goddamnit! Let me guess: I'm in trouble again! For what?! Why did YOU measure our penis sizes and put the results on the school bulletin board?! I don't care if Obama IS President! You don't go around putting little boys on blast, telling the whole world the length of their DICKS!!! You're damn right! One point two inches! I'll have you know that my penis is a respectable 1.4 inches! Maybe it's still the smallest in school, but it's 0.2 inches bigger than you said!!! What? Those weren't our dick sizes? I don't know! Why would you?!  Aw crap! You mean everyone knows my wiener is smaller than everyone else's because of me?! Oh God. Why couldn't I have just taken a minute to think about it? Fuck you! No I don't! Honestly, I wouldn't really care.  I'm not fat. I'm big-boned. Why the fuck am I here?! Are you saying I have problems like these fucking people?! Oh, that's cool. My penis is 13 inches long. Yeah dude!  Yeah! Burn it down, dude!  The Jews! No, and fuck Kyle! Yeah, dude, they aren't gonna give us what we want! Wait, what?  Wait! According to that scale, I still have a small wiener! I'm still fucking angry! Oh. Hey Kyle. I'm volunteering.  I'm volunteering my time, Kyle. I'm volunteering, Kyle! It just so happens Sarah McLachlan touched my heart. Is that so hard to believe?!  Ah, crap!  Okay Kyle, you caught us. I admit we aren't actually doing volunteer work at the hospital. What if I were to tell you there's a way to help those poor babies born addicted to crack, ''and'' give them a future as well. Crack baby basketball.  We could actually really use you! Because we need a Jew to do the bookkeeping.  Kyle, hold on a second! What's terrible, Kyle?! We fill a little ball with crack, we let the crack babies fight over it, and we put it up on the Internet! Who cares?! We made a thousand dollars in eleven days.  Ask the guys. There's six hospitals within a ten-mile radius, and all we do is pit the crack babies against each other with a ''little'' ball of crack. Dude, this thing is huge. And it doesn't hurt the crack babies at all. We're swimming in cash, Kyle. Let me take you out to Denny's. It's Baconalia time. After you.  Come on.  We started with two crack babies and a camera. Butters did all the Internet stuff. We've built up to a thousand hits a day. It's a good life, Kyle. We've come here every night for Denny's Baconalia specials. Look at the menu. Bacon inside pancakes, bacon meatloaf, they even have a bacon sundae for dessert. We are turning this thing into a legitimate sport, Kyle. We're getting Slash to start playing at halftime. And EA Sports is offering us a hundred thousand for the video game rights. You've got a constant flow of athletes that never dries up, Kyle. And best of all, it's all charity, so it's tax free.  Put your office right here, Kyle. All of South Park walking by, looking up at you. Somebody's gotta eat all that bacon, Kyle. Might as well be us. Welcome to the firm.  Betsy MacIntosh? We heard about you through the Passages Sobriety Clinic? They said you've skipped out on your rehab once again? We need to speak with you, ma'am.  And so am I correct that you are eight and a half months pregnant and still addicted to cocaine?  We believe that St. Mary's is the best hospital for your child, and we're prepared to offer it a full ride. Now, do you know yet if your child is male or female, or so deformed you'll never be able to tell?  Just sign the paper and he'll be playing ball for St. Mary's. Well, nothing. Crack baby players can't make a salary, based on the rules. I don't make the rules, ma'am, I just think them up and write them down. Now, if you'll be willing to sign right here we can get things rolling on the- Rgh! Ma'am, the Crack Baby Athletic Association is a storied franchise. It was founded over twelve days ago, with a firm ethical code that strictly states "benefits to players is detrimentalized to their well-being." I cannot offer you or your child any cash. I can however offer you a little bit of crack. Butters?  It's the easiest thing in the world! How could you guys have screwed this up?! All I asked you to do was to get Slash to play at half time for the match up between the crack babies at Cedars-Sinai NCU!  Hey Kyle. Have a seat. Mr. Peters, can I call you back? Our company accountant needs me. Yes, he is Jewish. Okay, thanks, Mr. Peters. Bye.  How's it goin', man? They can't make money. It's against the rules. Kyle, it says right there: Rule number 3. Crack baby players cannot receive compensation of any kind for their playing. What do you want me to do, Kyle? Find a stepladder of some kind and risk my safety to get up there and change the rules?! We're a non-profit company, Kyle. Egh, to things we need to keep the office running, Kyle. Here, look.  It's not just a hot tub. Taste it. Go ahead, taste it.  Kentucky Fried Chicken gravy. A hot tub full of KFC gravy, Kyle. Did you ever think you would see that in your lifetime?  Kyle, as owners of this company, we owe it not only to ourselves, but to the crack babies to be as stress-free and clear-headed as possible. McDonald's French fries and KFC gravy. The French call this "poutine". It's not illegal Kyle. Tell you what: I'll do some undercover work and find out how the other companies get away with it.  Helloo thear! The name is Eric P Cartman. I'm a well-respected owner in the slave trade. My peaches, what a wonderful office you got yourself heah. Certainly got yourself a luuucrative bidness, don't ye. Well let me get right down to it theyen. Like yourself,  But at the moment I find myself in a little quandary with ligal issues. Was wonderin' if you could share some secrets.  You have some might strong-lookin' workers heah, sahr. I'd be willin' to offer you forty dollars for two of the white ones and fifty for the blacks. Student atholetes. Hoho, that is brilliant sahr. Now, when we sell their likeness for video games, how do we get around payin' for our slaves uh- "student atheletes" then? I ain't arguin'. If they got paid, then how did we make all owr money, right? But of course you own slaves, because, oh... riiight.  Alright, so now, how do you get around not paying your slaves. You think you can do whatever you want 'cause your corporation is a university?!  How hard can it be, Clyde?! You walk up to Slash when he's playing at the mall and you offer him a deal! How can Slash be playing in Colorado Springs and Moscow at the same time?! Look, you morons, Slash clearly has a fan club, right?! So just go to the post office, and find out where the mail gets in, and then you'll have Slash's home address! Yeah it's a good idea! Now go get us Slash for halftime!  Are we the only two intelligent people in this entire company, Kyle? Goddamn! ...What? Oh my God... It's genius, Kyle! This the answer to our problems! A three hundred thousand dollar building, but we buy ourselves a million dollars' worth of goodwill with the public. We can say we gave our "student athletes" a place to live and grow for a few years. It's like moral teflon! I knew we needed a Jew in this company, Kyle! Great work!  What? Vunter Slash? But then, who played at my eighth birthday party? But then, who was the guitar player for Guns N' Roses? Are you fucking serious?  You knew about this?? I just can't believe Slash isn't real, I know, right? I was always extra good before my birthday too because I was told Slash would come and play for me.  Alright now, open presents! Open presents! Where's mine? Where's mine where's mine where's mine? Yaaaay!  What'd I get what'd I get what'd I get? Oh cool! I got a racing game for Xbox!  D'you guys see that? Coool, huh? Stan's getting another present, Mom. Yaaaay!  Oh cool, look. A Ben 10 Wrist Rocket! This is exactly what I wanted for Stan's birthday! What'd you get Stan? Looks like somebody's on the rag, huh Mom? Turn it off dude! Oh yeah, that one's cool.  Ohooh dude, sweet! Tackle him! He's lying, dude. Hit X What's that? Oh, ask him about the murder now, Kyle. Look like ice cream to me. ...Uh we'll let you catch up to us, Kyle. Come on, Kenny.  Oh cool, the movie trailers! That looks pretty good. Stan, knock it off! No, Kyle's right. You suck, dude. Dude, we don't wanna hang out with you anymore! Get it through your head!  Oh yeah! I saw it on the news, Kyle! The school is gonna make us all get shots again!  But this time it's so that we don't get warts in our vaginas! Yep! Then why are they sayin' that gettin' vaccinated at school is gonna make us all retarded? Wait what? Wait, there's a disease called Assburgers? You are so lying! There's no disease called fuckin' Assburgers! Okay, you're on, Jew!  Did you guys know there's actually a disease called Assburgers?  That's right, it's a butt fungus. ''Turn on your heart light. Let it shine wherever you go. Let it make a happy glow-''  Fever... Light... lightheadedness... I don't know what's wrong with me. Oh, that's a relief. I thought maybe I had a fever but I- oh OH. Oh my buns! There's a sharp pain in my buns! I-I'll try. I'll try.  A what?? Are you serious? How can there be-  Oh my God! You're saying I have assburgers?? What are you talking about?? I got vaccinated from the school, and now clearly I have Assburgers! Well I'm glad ''you'' think Assburgers is funny! Just note my condition on your records there!  Godamned stupid school nurse! Heartless bitch!  I spent all morning making hamburgers for nothing! That's what's the matter! Really? Gee, thanks Kyle! Next order, please! Get your Cartman Burgers here, fresh and flavorful. There you go, Molly, and a bag of chips. How are we doing on those patties, Jew? Nice! It's alright. I think another batch is just finishing off in our top-secret flavor enhancer. I'm sorry Kyle, but if we compromise our final cooking process, then our patented flavor will be everywhere, and we'll have to go back to school. Now, let me get those hamburgers.  Everything alright here, Kyle? We're uh gonna need some more patties pretty soon. Alright, I'll take these to the flavor enhancer. The Zookeeper 2: Zookeepier!   There's a heap of Mexicans out there who want nothin' more than to sneak past our border, and we've gotta stop them! Not now, Mom! We're playing Texans versus Mexicans! Gah!  All right, patrol, you all know the drill. Not one Mexican is to get past this border! Not a single one! Yeehaw!   Ha ha! You're gonna have to do better than that, Mexican! Hey! Just because I'm Texan, it doesn't mean I'm fat! Oh yeah?! Oh yeah?! Well, you're a fuckin' Jew, Kyle! And now you're a Mexican Jew! You dirty, no good... Mexijew!  Let's just see you try and-! Clyde?!  What the fuck are you doin'?! You just let a Mexican through! Ugh, yeah?! Well, you all need to stay focused, Goddamnit!  If you let yourselves get distracted for even one minute, we're gonna be overrun with these jobless, no good-! Dude!!  How did he get past the fence, Craig?! Nobody's fuckin' screaming, Craig! Wake the fuck up!  Oh, God!  I'm not pouting! I've just heard all these jokes before! At least I have an asshole, Kyle!   Hey! Wake up you guys! Wake up, losers! Where is Butters?  Game on! You guys, the game is over! Clearly I won. Give it up. You guys were putting out fliers, I had to put some out too. Well then I inadvertently won the game, didn't I? Oh dude. Sweet. This is gonna be so fuckin' sweet. Cartman. Eric T. Cartman.  Huh, nothing. Wait a minute, isn't that...  That asshole is not getting across my border!   No you won't Butters! Ey! Respeto mi autridad!  Where the fuck did he go?!  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!  I'm not pouting! I'm just... sensitive to fireman jokes 'cause of 9/11 and uh, uh... fuck you, Kyle!  A Baptist priest with a huge boner walks into a bar... YOU GUYS! Oh my God, you guys!  Seriously you guys, guess what?? You guys, you know Pete Melman?  Fourth Grade, Mr. Bart's class? Yeah yeah, Pete Melman! He crapped his pants today during social studies! He had to go to the nurse's office, and have his mom bring him a fresh pair of jeans!  Because, dude, it's all over Eavesdropper! Puhah! You guys don't follow Eavesdropper?  Yeah yeah, I'm showin' the guys!  Just listen, listen listen. Yeah yeah, we're listenin' to it!  Okay okay, so what do we call Pete Melman when we see him? I was thinking, "Poopypants Pete", but th- but then I also thought of "Mushpants Melman." Oh Jesus, what now?!  Puh-I know, dude. Pete Melman crapped his pants. So freakin' funny!  Tchehe, right. That's why it's super funny to me.  Yeah, he killed himself. Hey! Whoooa. 'Kay, whoa, whoa! We've been through this, you cannot put Corey Duran's death on me! I'm not the one who crapped him pants in front of everyone! You're asking me to simply ignore a kid who - excuse my language but I have to be harsh here - a kid who shits in his pants in front of everyone - to just ignore that so he can have a normal life?! Do you really think information like this will just die down? There's Internet! There's Eavesdropper! You might be worried Pete Melman is gonna kill himself, but the truth is, he was dead the second he crapped his pants.  Heh! You're crazy! It can't be done! You aren't listing to anythin-  Make it worth my while how? Uh, hey Jenny. 'Sup? Did you hear about Pete Melman? Pretty messed up, huh? So... whatcha doin' for lunch? Uh, my mom packed me the best stuff. She even baked cupcakes.  I was just thinking that... m-m-maybe we could... eat lunch together. I've always kind of...  liked you. I know. Uh, I know you don't like me back. I ju- Yeah, you know, the- this was stupid, I'm sorry. Will you just take a cupcake?   You okay, Jenny? Excused? Oh, oh but we are in the middle of class.  Uh, Mr. Garrison, I don't think that's ''quite'' fair, uh I mean, you rarely let us get up and leave during the class. Well, just give it a couple of minutes, Jenny. It could just be a cramp. Oh, my God! Jenny Simons crapped her pants!  It's WAY worse than Pete Melman was! WAY worse! Alright, kewl. You said Pete Melman couldn't kill himself! By making Jenny Simons crap her pants worse than Pete, I've made ''her'' the number one story on Eavesdropper!  Nobody can be made fun of for crapping their pants, and nobody can die! Jesus Christ!  Okay those, those tests we took last week? The state efficiency tests? How did we do on those? Okay, no, they all did awesome! In fact our students did so good on the tests that you...  Okay, well, if you have a better idea, then why am I here?  Yup, a few more laxatives on that one, a little more Arby's horsey sauce on there, mhm. Yeah, I think they're all ready. It doesn't matter. Enough students will crap their pants to make everyone forget about Pete Melman and Jenny Simons forever. Uh, hold on just a second! I believe we discussed the little matter of my payment?!  I'm not letting you guys screw me over again. Give me what I wanted, now! Oh my God! Selena Gomez! You  No thanks. Okay, proceed. That. Was. Amazing. Boy, I say. It's okay Mr. Mackey. I'm totally over it. Oh, you're most certainly welcome. Are you feeling okay, Mr. Mackey?  I put a lot of Arby's horsey sauce on those. Coach! Feegan the vegan won't jump off the board! Hey Coach! Well let's just suck it up, guys. All we can try to do is have a positive attitude about it.  Heheh! Look at Kenny. He's so poor, huh you guys? His family's so poor they couldn't pay the three ninety nine for the gym outfit.  Heheheheheh! Look you guys, a Jew on a rope. You know what they call a Jew on a rope? Hey whoa, we are here because the average score was low. That's about all of us. Wow, Craig. I can't believe you just went there. Here we were having a perfectly nice conversation about Kenny being poor and Kyle being a Jew, and you just decided to go 9/11 and bust out the fat quip. Oh my God! Why doesn't everyone just back off?! I know how this works: You're the 99% ganging up on the 1%! Jesus Christ!! The 99% is totally ganging up on me! Ngh, and then, and then Wendy said that they were the 99% and I was the 1% and that made me not keeeewl. I know, Clyde Frog, but now the 99% is saying everything is my faaault. What do you mean, Peter Panda? Thanks Polly Prissypants. I'm just so scared that all the kids at school are gonna be talkin' about me behind my back. What? What?! WHAT?! What are you guys talking about? What are you guys doin'What are you talking about? I knew it! You guys are having a big 99% rally, aren't you?! Occupying the cafeteria?! You wanna know why you guys are all here protesting?! Because you're pissed off, but you actually think it's wrong to be pissed off at a black president, so you're all just pissed off at ME! Well go ahead! Have your little rally to figure out how to stick it to the 1%! See what it gets you!  Mom, have you been here all day?! Somebody's been in my room!  Fucking 99%ers! What did they take?! Am I sure?? Look at this place!  Clyde Frog! No.   I've known Clyde Frog since I was two years old. He was a fighter, a visionary. But most of all, Clyde Frog was the perfect friend. He never said anything. He never had his own ideas about what he wanted to do. He just sat there goin' along with whatever I wanted. A noble trait that seems lost on you 99%ers.  And now we live in a world where one of you has decided to become a murderer. Well whoever you are, I'm sure you're sitting there right now, in your little green hat, with your left cheek resting against your hand thinking, "I'm not getting away with this, am I?" Because whoever you are, maybe you still have one little piece of humanity left, covered up and tainted black by years of Jewish propaganda and left-wing lies. Maybe you should just- Got something to say Kyle?!  How ''do'' you murder a stuffed animal?! You tell us, Kyle!  ''Fly, fly little dove, to the welcome arms of Christ above. Your tears are finally gone to-'' Fly bu-what?  Five dollars has been donated in each of your names to the Clyde Frog Foundation. ''Fly fly fly...'' Oh fine, go on and leave! I'm gonna find out who did this to Clyde, and I'm gonna have your fuckin' balls! ''Fly to Christ.'' Thank you all so much for coming. I realize that Clyde Frog's death is as shocking to all of you as it is to me. I know that I'm awesome and keewl, Polly Prissypants, but it has little relevance at the moment to Clyde Frog's murder! What do you mean, Rumpertumskin? Yes, sit down, mother. We are all having a tea party. That's an excellent point, Muscleman Marc. Please continue. So then, we are all going to need some... more tea. What the hell?!  AAAH!! PETER PANDA!!  Peter Panda! Don't try to talk, Peter Panda! You're gonna be okay!  Noohoho! Peter Panda nooo! This window locks from the inside, right? And this door has a lock on it too? Don't worry Polly Prissypants, you're gonna be safe here. In this day and age, black people are just impervious to being fucked with, so we will be alright. Tolkien, please. You're the only person I can trust. Because in today's time, black people are somehow incapable of doing something wrong. What do you wanna watch, Polly Prissypants? Muh uh, 'cause I'll tell my mom on you when our parents get home. Naw uh, 'cause my house got burned down, so everyone has to feel bad for me.  What is that? WHAT IS THAT?! What?! Who?! I thought I was safe here! Stay there guys, I'll be right back!  Who's there?!  Aha! I knew it was you, Kyle! Oh sure! Stephen Tamill? The fifth grader?  Where are they Kenny??!! HAAAAGH!   Hello??  Muscleman Marc! AAAAAAAA!! AAAAAAAA!!  Polly Prissypants! Rumpertumskin!  Who did this to you?! Don't worry, I'll get you down! AAAAHAA! AAHAAAA! Rumpertumskin!! RUMPER  Rumpertumskin... WHY? Why did you do this?? Polly... Polly Prissypants... You did this? ...You got rid of Clyde Frog... You burned Peter Panda!  They were your FRIENDS! Polly Prissypants, when people find out we did all this, we're gonna get in total trouble! There's one problem.  You say I have to grow up, to get rid of all my dolls. You forget one crucial thing, Polly Prissypants. That nobody would possibly blame Tolkien for all this because in today's day and age you can't blame a black person for anything. Noho! I've lost every stuffed animal; I won't lose you too!  Goodbye, Polly Prissypants. I love you. Does that mean we only have to pay one sixteenth attention to you?  This is bullcrap! A guest speaker comes to our class and assigns us a report on Thanksgiving? Yeah, and now my video game time is getting screwed over by them. Jesus Kyle, you are really being crampy today. You guys, we are wasting time. If we have to write a report on Thanksgiving let's just go downstairs and watch TV.  The History Channel is probably playing Thanksgiving specials back to back. We can learn everything we need. Dude, see? I told you. Who needs to read a bunch of stupid books when we've got History Channel? Uh-huh?? Kyle, why are you being so grumpy? Are you on your period again? Okay, let's take a vote: Who thinks the possibility of ancient aliens at Thanksgiving makes for an interesting history report?  Okay, and who wants to take a little Pamprin so their menstrual cramps stop bringing everyone down? Kyle?  Did you guys know that when you stop menstruating it's called menopause? Yeah, God takes your period away, and apparently it makes you really irritable? I was thinking maybe that's why Kyle's been so grouchy lately, 'cause he's goin' through menopause. See what I mean, you guys?  Non! Mom, did you already get stuffing for Thanksgiving dinner? Tell me you've already got everything we need for Thanksgiving! Oh no. Oh NO! Clyde Donovan said that he saw on the news there's gonna be a massive stuffing shortage! Get your coat on, Mom! We've gotta go to the store!  You guys have stuffing?! Oh... We're not too late. Mother, come!  Hey! Where is it! No! NOOOO! Yeah, History Channel rules.  Ohhh??  That's Kenny, about to be sent to a foster home. Pretty funny.  Guys! Guys! I've been workin' on it, and I think I have some answers. Yeah. I've gone through every student in the school, and I'm pretty sure now that Kenny's gone, the poor kid is Craig! Pretty much went through everybody. Craig's got the mo-  Nothing dude, it's cool, it's cool. I mean, we would tell your parents to shop at nicer places, but... your mom is so poor she can't even pay attention.  This is awesome, Butters! You really think you got something?! Eh yeah?  Heh heh, yeah? What?  Oh my God... If we found this out it's only a matter of time before everybody else does.  Well I won't give him the satisfaction! Alright, let's hear it for Kyle!  Cartman's mom is so poor that when she goes to KFC, she has to lick other people's fingers! HA! I beat you to it, Kyel! That's kewl! Whatever Kyel! Must be nice having everything you want!   Sit down Mom, we need to have a talk. Mom, how are you going to start bringing more money into this household? You have to start doing more, Mom! What are you doing with your time?! Yeah, see, the problem, Mom, is that with Kenny gone I'm now the poorest kid in skewl!  We're in a tough economy. You don't know what else I want you to do about it. Life isn't handed to you, Mom! You can't just sit on your ass and expect some money to appear! Not much huh?! My mom is so poor, when she heard about the Last Supper she thought she was running out of food stamps! IT'S NOT FUNNY, MOM!!  My mom is so poor she waves around a Popsicle and calls it air conditioning. I wish I could be put in a kewl foster home like Kenny's familyyy.  It's gonna take me years to recover from being torn from my mother's arms. Only the ocean breezes and coconut trees can help me now.  Yeah, yeah. That's right. Wha'? Dude, do you think this is funny?! Well I'll tell you somethin'! Being from a low-income household isn't funny! Oh heell no, my momma's so poor she opened a Gmail account just so she could eat the spam!  A joke?! You think being poor is a joke?! How?! Dude, my momma's so poor when she gets mad she can't afford to fly off the handle so she's gotta go Greyhound off the handle! Jesus, this is a long drive. Are we in Hawaii yet? Yeah, that's where I requested to be sent. What??  Greeley? What the? Dude, this is like poorer than my old house! You're my new mom? Alright Mom, how much money do you make? Like gross yearly income after taxes? Goddamn, I've gotta sleep in a room with six other people?! How poor are we?! Oh heell naw!  Oh God, I'm so nervous. These kids all seem kind of mean. You've already been here awhile, Kenny, so you have to introduce me to your friends, okay? And make sure they know I'm kewl. You've gotta have my back, Kenny!   Okay, alright, so listen: I know our family is poor, okay?! But before we lived there, Kenny was actually poorer than me! So technically, he's the poorest kid at this school! Really? Let's put our hands up, everyone! 'Cept for Jacob. His mom is so poor she only understands hand-OUTS.  I wasn't making fun of anybody. I was just teasing. My case worker?  Oh, not this guy! Will you stop with the Penn State jokes?! All you're doing is taking something topical and revamping old Catholic jokes! Haha, I told on you Mom and Dad! I'm not saying it. I'm not saying it! Okay, fine!  I'm white trash and I'm in trouble!  There he is, there's my buddy.  And if you ask her if she lost a shoe, she'd say "No, I found ooone." And so then, and so then it turns out the Terminator secretly had a kid, ten years ago. Meaning Terminator could be his own father. And then Skeletor gets angry and wants to fight him.  Skeletor is real?? Skeletor's a lady?? Hey Eric. Is that really all our wiener sizes? Butters Stotch, 2.2 inches. Is that good? A conspiracy? Whoa, it's a little chilly in here. Hey wait, the cold is making it shrink some. Where're you going, little feller? Hang on, he's coming back out. There he is. Who's a little guy? I'm hung like a horse! Homework! I just don't get it! That is the fourth time I've calculated, and it's below average! I thought I was hung, but according to my T.M.I., I have a micropenis!  I don't understand it! An' I'm startin'- uhh, I'm starting to feel angry! Rawr!   Oh what's the point, Mom?! What's the point of life anyway?! All you do is yell at me! And the government... wuh, which is led by fascists, and everyone's a Justin Bieber wannabe. I wanna go and drive a Hummer, that's what I wanna do! I wanna drive a car that goes, that goes rawr rawr rawrawrawr!  Every single night. Slash is make-believe?? Well what the heck do we do now? I know. It's messin' with my head so hard. Hello sir. Postman Butters with a special delivery for you.  An all-new sushi restaurant just opened in town. Try their lunch specials. You can count on Postman Butters!  Hello, sir. Postman Butters here with a special delivery for you. It's a coupon for a brand-new Asian restaurant that just opened up in town. Uhhhh I don't know, I'm just bein' paid to hand out flyers. Wuh you mean the sha-sushi restaurant? Ih-it's right over there. But, sir, i was just handing out coupons for- It's okay, buddy, you've got a smokey on your tail, bug Big Rig Butters is here to help! Vroovrooom.  Oh hey Dad. I love you too, Dad. Sure. Uh, no, he's pretty much just a truck driver. Sure. Inspector Butters is on the case! Heheh, he this is fun. Uh, well, to solve mysteries. Oh well, sure, uh he's the bringer of destruction and evil! What? Why would I do that? Me, Butters. Sir, I'm confused. Really? Pardon me? Yes!  This... is Butters. It's Wednesday night at 9 p.m. From what I understand, there are people living inside my head and they want to kill me. It must be true, because now every night I wet the bed. So tonight I'm gonna leave the camera on to see what exactly I become while I am sleeping. Oh man, this is freaky. Like that movie ''Paranormal''.  Goodnight, Butters. Goodnight, Butters. Hmm. Alright, I guess I'm goin' to fast-forward.   Mom! Dad! I wet the bed again! Oh, sweet jumping Jesus!  Uh, yeah, Dr. Janus, I wanted to give you something. You remember how you told me if I got myself on video it might help me with my problem? Well yeah ah, I saw you pissing in my face. Huh? Well no, ah I just thought it was one of your other personalities trying to give me a- This is illegal. We could get arrested.  Oh Jesus! I'm trying, sir!  What? But you said to uh, but I got to uh, and then, you told me tuh... That does it, you hear me?! I am through with all of you! No more Postman Butters, No more Inspector Butters, no more Porn Star Butters, no more Professor Chaos, and no more-   Um, excuse me? Wahh! Please, Billy, ah I'm just a kid too. I can't help you. What?? No! You told me NOT to play Inspector Butters! It's okay, Billy, we're gonna get to the bottom of this. Well alright, Watson, well let's find out what we need to and get out of here! Hah? Aw man. Oh, come on! AAAAAAAAAAA!  AAAAAAAAAAA! Waaaa!  Thanks. I'm just glad the whole thing is over and done. Maybe now poor old Dr. Janus can finally get the help he needs. Yeah! Open mine first Stan! It's the red one!  I know how you like Legos. Happy birthday! Do the girls get their shots right in the vagina? You mean little hamburgers grow in your butthole? Well ''I'' don't want burgers comin' out of ''my'' butt! Jeez, we're out of finished burgers again, Eric. We need more.  Fellow Meheecans! This time, we're gonan try rushin' the Texans from the left side! Do not give up home, for I am Mantequilla! Viva la Meheeco!  Oh, what, I'm not a good Meheecan?  Boy, I've really done it this time. I have one simple direction: "Go that way." How did I end up getting lost? My amigos were right: I ''am'' a lousy Meheecan. They're all living the good life while I'm, while I'm stuck out here in Meheeco. I am... The Last of the Meheecans.  Por favor, ehe, I have to get across the border. M-mis amigos, my a-, my amigos are waiting. I, am Mantequilla, the last of the Meheecans. <poem><i>Work, Mexican, Work.  Work, Mexican, Work</i></poem> Wow! A present just for me?  Ah, s seor. <poem><i>All week long, bossman say</i></poem> <poem><i>Sing your Song, earn your pay</i></poem> <poem><i>Meheecan</i></poem> <poem><i>Meheecan, it's your</i></poem> <poem><i>While people play in the sun all day</i></poem> Hey, where are you going? Ma'am, can I, can I just use your phone? So there I was, just yards away from the American border. All my amigos made it across, but I became lost in the woods. If the Whipples hadn't come along, I might have froze to death. But I'm not giving up, for I, am Mantequilla!  Nothing can stop me, and my pride, in Mother Meheeco! Hey! You fellas think you can get me across that border? All my amigos are there, waitin' for me. Viva la Meheeco! We're crossin' the border! Ol! Oh uh, I'm sorry,  I don't really- Wow. Thanks everyone.  It's really kind of made me... appreciate my amigos back home. I know they were waitin' for me, and I'm sure they're all worried sick.  ...What did he say? Ah I actually don't speak Spanish.  Game on!  AAAH! AAAAH!    Haha! Heheeheeheehahaheehee! Base!  So then, so then the fireman says "That won't even ''fit'' in my scrotum!"  Boy, I'm so glad I proved I'm a good Meheecan! Hey, maybe next time I can be team leader! Eavesdropper?  Hey! Pete Melman pooped his pants and uh had to have his mom bring him new undies! It's megasuperhilarious!  NO Wikileaks! Bad! Biggest story about who? There he is!  Hang on, Lemmiwinks! Look! I think Lemmiwinks killed him!  Ehe, and so then, Skeletor told Terminator he wanted a divorce, and apparently it's all gonna be finalized soon. Uh but, then, why does his face look like that?  Hey, you know? Eric is right. Maybe we ''should'' form a 99% club. Sir, we believe your fitness system is flawed, and that for 99% of us, it is unfair. Sir, all of the students already know who the 1% is. I sure hope this works. Hey, what are you fifth graders doing? Yeah, how can the 17% be sticking it to the 83%? Oh neato, huh fellas?  Thanksgiving is about murder? Okay Dad. Yep. To find out who the poorest kid is, I actually was able to see which kids in school got those coupons they hand out for school lunch. So then I cross-referenced all the kids who were on half-priced lunches with the tax records of people in town to see which kids' parents actually made the least amount of money last year. Well actually, Eric, it's you.  Now that Kenny's gone,  I'm sorry, pal. Uh, I won't tell anybody. Craig Tucker, 2.4 inches. Yeah, that's about right. It's awesome. Oh, that's a good idea. Please sir, it's very important. Get out of here. Slash isn't real. He's a made-up person that represents care and giving, and people dress up like him and lie to their kids. I didn't hear him coming with all your screaming. Hey. Hey, I got one.  Why do girls wear makeup and perfume? 'Cause they're ugly and they stink.  Butters is one of those people who you can never remember if he was there or not. Game on! Hey, did you guys see Eavesdropper? Hey, here's a post about Tolkien: "Tolkien Black's Private Gym Photos"  Exclusive: Stan Marsh thinks Elise Thompson has a hot butt crack. "In an email sent yesterday to KENNY McCormick, Stan Marsh wrote 'Dude, you should have been in PE today. Elise Thompson's butt crack was totally showing.' He went on to call her butt crack quote 'nice' and that the whole experience was quote 'pretty awesome'."  It's not somebody in this room. Because whoever it is just now posted a new story on Eavesdropper: "Allison Taft reveals embarrassing secret about Craig Tucker."  Yeah. Hey wait, that's me. Huh? It's a rat!  There's no telling. It could be about any of us.  Nothing broke on the Web site yet. Yeah. We're paying for your being fat. Yeah, why don't you go home and cry to your stuffed animals again?!  Where's our five dollars? It said in the e-mail if we came we each got five dollars. What are you talking about? I told you the students would be interested in how much they grew since their last physical.  Eric Cartman to the principal's office immediately. You're darn right, Eric! Why did you measure all the boy students' penis sizes and put the results on the school bulletin board?!  What? Wait. Are you talking about the numbers we published Tuesday from the physicals?  We thought it would be fun to put up how much each student has grown in height since their physical last year. You ''grew'' 1.2 inches. Why would we publish the lengths of our students' private parts?! We didn't! This is exactly the kind of thing we are always talking about, Eric. You get angry about something, you don't think, and you cause bad things to happen. This time you've done it to yourself! Because you have an anger problem, Eric! Thank you for coming, parents. We called you in because we've had a little incident at the school. The fourth grade boys measured their penises and posted results in the school hallway. Now, we realize this issue can have a troubling effect that can get blown out of proportion. Now now, boys' fascination with their genitalia is a natural thing. We... simply need to find a way to help the students understand what they've done. Eric, as you might have heard, a student here in South Park Elementary had an accident in the classroom. Oookay, but you probably understand that for Pete, it isn't that funny. For him it's embarrassing and terrifying. Eric, it has been almost one year since Corey Duran defecated in ''his'' pants here in school. Now, you remember what happened to him? Please just let it go.  Alright Eric, here's the deal: This school cannot have another suicide on its hands. We want you to see Pete Melman through this, and turn public opinion around. If Pete Melman does not kill himself,  we will make it very worth your while. ...The Doctors say that Jenny Simon barely survived the fall. Jumping off the school roof fractured her pelvis.  That's wasn't the point, Eric! Nobody was supposed to kill themselves! Unless you fix this our deal is off! That's insane! You sure this will work, Eric? What if some of the students don't eat the pizza? Okay, Eric, you got what you wanted. Are we straight? Alright, are we sure we're alone? This story hasn't gone up on Eavesdropper yet. Maybe it won't! No, no, we're not bad. What's a bigger story than all the students being made sick? Ah, could you please use a little different terminology?  Alright. We're just having a hard time finding him. We must have just missed him. He was playing at Cherry Creek mall and then Flat Irons mall. Now we don't know where to go because Slash is playing the Pavilion in Colorado Springs in the Gigadome in Moscow later this afternoon. We don't know. He's everywhere. But we have a big deal with EA Sports that depends on it. Dad, is Slash real or make-believe? Slash isn't real. He's made up and people dress like him and pretend to be him to their kids.  Here, look for yourself.  One of our parents. One of our parents!  I just can't believe how yummy these are. I was enthralled with the dialog exchange.  Oh grow up. Actual boys' penis sizes? Gross! What we need to figure out here is, are we dealing with maybe a little bipolarism? Some rage addiction? It could be a lot of things. Let's try a little experiment. I wanna see maybe what kind of things... trigger you, Eric. Okay? How do you think you would react if I said some negative things about you? What if I were to tell you that I think you're fat? I think you're a fat little boy. I think you're waaaaay too fat for your age. Does that make you feel any anger? Huh, fatty? Jelly-belly? You got jelly in your belly you little fat fuck? You get a little flash of anger when someone tells you you've got tits like a 40-year-old woman? Fat boy?!  ...Huh. Well, I just don't see it, Ms. Cartman. Your son doesn't seem to be triggered by anger at all. In fact, I'd say he's one of the more even-tempered children I've ever seen. Excuse me.  I want to congratulate all of you for making the effort to come to anger management class. Together, we're gonna learn what makes us angry, okay? And how to better deal with it so we don't get ourselves into trouble anymore. Right. See, what we all need to do is chaaannel our various reasons for anger, and learn to control it. Well, Eric, because I know you want to... control your anger and become a better person.  NO! No! I'm not saying that, at all. Please I, I'm just saying how a-, amazing you are for wanting to... l-lessen some of your more... less awesome attributes. Okay, what we're going to do now is get to the root of all your anger. Daniel, could you stand up please?  What makes you the angriest, Daniel? Okay, great. Chase, could you stand up and pretend to be a stupid-ass blind liberal?  And what makes you angriest, Chase? Okay, Daniel's a scrawny-ass sissy, he just cut in front of you in line at the bank. Go!   Does... everyone here have an issue with their penis size? Hmmm. We all want to welcome our new member, Randy. Say hi to everyone, Randy. Now, we've all been trying to channel our anger in more constructive ways, Randy. Why don't you share what's bothering you? Mr. Marsh, this is what we're here to try and work on, okay? If you take a minute to think about your anger, and give-  whoa! Whoawhoawhoa!  'Scuse me. Excuse me, let me through.  Look, we all get angry, but when someone is consistently angry or always finding new reasons to be angry, it means they have a very very very very small dick. Isn't there? Isn't... there? Alright, let's get him into ER. My little sunshine has a temper sometimes, but he's not all bad.  Here you go, sweetie. Yes. Every time somebody gets a birthday present Eric gets one too.  Otherwise, he gets a little upset. Here you are, muffin.   Eric, you wanna say hi to Grandpa? No, sweetie, I've been at the hair salon. Why? Are you sure, sweetie? But who would want to s- What? Eric, sweetie, is everything okay?  Uh sweetie, I see that you're a little... disturbed right now, but, maybe you can- No, Rumpertumskin, I didn't. I swear. Sweetie, you really can just talk to me if you- Eric, I promise you, I didn't do ''anything'' to your favorite toy. Whoever did this to you, I hate them as much as you do, and I'd do anything to get to the bottom of it. Thank you so much for allowing Eric and I to stay here. I asked little Eric where he would feel safest, and he said with his friend Tolkien.  What hon? Uhoh, Thanksgiving's still a couple of weeks away, sweetie. I haven't gone shoppies yet. What is it, hon? Hi, sweetie.  What, hon? Eric, I'm working two jobs. Mommy's doing everything she can. Well, we're in a tough economy, Eric. I don't know what else you want me to do about it. Eric, we aren't that much poorer than most people. Oh.  Oh, oh, my goodness no. I haven't used drugs in quite a while. Oh. Ah, I'm white trash and I'm in trouble.  Sir? Sir, do you remember the kids from that South Park Elementary School? They're all protesting outside, saying our system isn't fair to the 99% of them. Oh dear. Did they measure from the base or from the balls?   I'm a scientist. I think it's best I handle this. Hello students, my name is Dr. Marsh, and I'm gonna talk to you a little bit about what happened at the school yesterday. How do a man and a woman... make a baby? Anybody? A man and woman, what do they do to make a baby? How about the little girl in the brown coat? Yeah you. Good! The man puts his penis  Follow along with me on your study sheets, kids. And so, by dividing the weight and the girth of the penis by the angle or the- what do we call it again? The yaw? The yaw of the shaft? What we finally get is the adjusted penis size, or, T.M.I. Any questions so far? Yes, little girl over there.  Example 1, young lady. Please read the problem out loud  Four point four inches... Seven centimeters... Great! And so divide by the 17. carry the 1, and we can see that Randy's adjusted penis size, or T.M.I., is... 6.3 inches. Do we got that? Randy's length is 4.4 inches, but his adjusted length is 6.3. So how does our example person "Randy" compare to others on the T.M.I. scale? By referring again to the T.M.I. chart, we see that a T.M.I. of 6.3 is .8 inches more than the national average.  PUTAIN D'MENTEUR!!!   Aw, suck it! All o'ya! You just don't go around changing math! Who the hell is this chick surgeon general appointed by Obama?!  Power to the people! Burn it down! Burn it down!! No dude, fuck you! We're burnin' this shit! Yeeaahh! Yeeaahh!     This is a call to all angry people! We've had enough! We're gonna hit the government where it hurts! Right in the Federal Express! We're angry about this stupid liberal government and fascist lies, media- control, and the- Yeah, Jews! And all this stuff that the government's doing! Well first of all, we want that surgeon general to step down! And we want- Yeah, we want to see Obama's REAL birth certificate! And um, Yeah, we want our moms to stop trippin', man! 'Cause the bitches be trippin' all the time! And I think that- uhh,  is that it? Oh yeah, and fuck Kyle! Surgeon general's resignation, Obama's real birth certificate, moms to stop trippin', and fuck Kyle! You got that?! Or else we're gonna bring the Federal Express to a grinding halt! No. No, that doesn't matter!  Fuck, really?! Rrrr! Sharon? Stan told me you took away his music CD at his birthday party. Well, do you really think we should be telling our son what music he can and can't listen to? Tween Wave? Sharon, come on. Don't you remember being younger and having our parents say the music we liked sounded like crap?  ...So. Here we are. Now we're the old people who think the younger generation's music sounds like shit.  "Back in my day our music was better! Not this garbage the young 'un listen to. Warber warber warber." I'd love to. I'm not an old fuddy-duddy, Sharon. I'm still cool.  Uh... NO I mean...  I like it. No, it's just... young and hip so you don't get it, Sharon. It doesn't sound like crap at all! I think it's awesome!   Ugh, that's so unfair! Yeah it's good! Yeah it, it doesn't sound like that to us. What? Get out of my room! I'm listening to my music! Gau! No it doesn't sound like crap to me!  That's not true! I think Tween Wave music is complex and awesome and it speaks to my youthful rebellious spirit, Sharon! Anybody could play it. Do you really think so? Hey everybody. Wanna thank you all for coming tonight. My name's Steamy Ray Vaughn and here's a little bit of Rattlesnake.  No, you just don't understand Tween Wave 'cause you're old!  City bog. Too much, too much city bop. Too much too much too much  City bop! City yeah!  Thank you! Thank you so much! I'd like to uh, bring up a special guest now. The other night I was chatting in a Tween Wave chatroom, because I do love Tween Wave so much, and I uh started chattin' with this nice lady who also really like her kids' Tween Wave music and... turns out she's a real talented artist as well. Please welcome Miss Steamy Nicks. Yoyoyo!  You don't get it, Sharon! You never have! And that's supposed to be my fault?! I'm sick of everything I do being so wrong, Sharon! I'm not dead yet Sharon, but you might be! Why can't you ever just support me?! Face it Sharon, our son turned 10 and you feel old! Because I'm unhappy, okay?! I've been unhappy for a long time!  I don't know if I've changed or you have. I just feel like I might not have a whole lot of time left and... I want to enjoy it. You kind of seem shitty to me too. It's pretty shitty when you work so hard to be a great parent, and then the "government" comes along and with ''one'' shot turns your child into a "mentally incapacitated" ''freak''! I mean ''look'' at him. He's disinterested, depressed, self-loathing. It's most likely the reason his mother and I got divorced!  Stan? Stan! Get in the car, Stan! Your mom and I are movin' back in together! We worked it out, pal. Surprise! Well, I think it's good.  I mean, look guys, I know it's just the Dolphins, but Tebow is definitely our quarterback for the future. What do you think, Nelson?  You didn't see the game? What the hell were you doing? A musical?  What?  Nuh uh.  Noh uh. Must be... a pretty hot and steamy show. What's it called?  Oh. Wicked. Hey do you uh, do you want some alcohol or somethin', Sharon? Okay, I'll be right back.  Can I get a scotch and soda?   Oh, yeah, it's not really what I expected. To be honest, I'm just here for the blowjob. From what I heard I figured the show must be really sexy and hot, but... I just don't see it happening. Subliminal messages?  Whoa, no way! You just don't get it, Stotch! I'm telling you, go see Wicked! It's the best time! She started in the car, and then it lasted the whole drive home, and then, she kept going for like another twenty minutes. Get tickets, Stotch, it's worth it. Uh, shit, I don't know, some green chick and a goat or something. Look, I thought Broadway musicals weren't for me either, but I just didn't know about the whole subtext thing, you know? I couldn't really appreciate 'em till now. Really?? Say Sharon, how would you like to go to New York for the weekend?  I got plane tickets and a hotel room! We leave in three hours! Oh don't worry. I've taken care of everything! You're staying the weekend with the Feegans! Oh man! It was great! A different Broadway show every night! I'm telling you guys, New York is the place to be! It felt like a dream, bro. Broadway is simply the greatest time a dude can have. Just kind of sucks to be back here now, you know? I mean there's no culture here. Only Broadway show in Denver is "Wicked" and I've already taken Sharon to see it twenty three times. Hey. Wait a minute. Why not bring Broadway to South Park?  Think about it, brah. How hard can writing a musical be? We need some musicians, some actors. We can put on our own shows right here in town. And hold!  Uhh, this better be important. Really? Oh my Gaw!  Take a break, guys. this could be it! Not much, sup with you guys? Same as you guys. Trying to get men lengthier, better-quality blowjobs. My musical has ''lots'' of subtext. And then she does. It's a metaphor.  Well sorry if you guys think you have a monopoly on subtext! But us up-and-comers have a voice too! Sorry if my work isn't up to your standards!   What is it now?   Then what am I supposed to do?! Run? I've studied musicals! I've seen them all! I could do this!  Whassup brah?! Sup brah?! Right here, brah!  What makes you the brauthority brah?! What brah?! What brah?! What brah?! I do respect you, bro! I do respect you, bro! I respect you, bro! Okay!  Oh man, I'm so glad we put our differences aside! That's what bros do! Hey, really?? Oh, that is beautiful! Bro'dwaaay! Ooof.  Hi babe. Sorry, I'm...  kind of hanging out with the guys. Yeah, yeah, and we really made some progress with the show. Andrew Lloyd Webber and those guys are gonna help us with it. Aw Sharon, you're the best. I'm not feeling a hundred percent; do you care if I go lay down?  Alright babe. Okay. What's Shelly doing?  She's WHAT?! OH!  AWWWWWWW! Why didn't you tell me Shelly was gonna see "Wicked"?! She's too young for that stuff! This is what I get! I drank from the lie that is Broadway and now it has my daughter! I can't! Aww! Alright, look. There's something I should have told you a long time ago, Sharon. Broadway musicals... aren't what you think they are! They're subliminal propaganda to get women to give more blowjobs! On the outside it's all singing and dancing, but buried in it are commands to perform oral sex. It's called subtext. D'augh. Do you remember the night after we saw "Wicked"? And after "Lion King" in New York? "Godspell"? "Mamma Mia"? Broadway shows' sole purpose is to make women famished for blowjobs! I'm so sorry Sharon. No, they're... they're bros, Sharon. Stephen Sondheim, Elton John, Andrew Lloyd Webber... They're total bros who hang out at Hooters. Sharon, I'm so sorry. AAAA! Shelly!   Shelly, come on. We have to go! Right now, Shelly!  Shelly, you are not watching this trash! Now, come on! Oh you fucking pervert! Shelly!   Sorry! Sorry. Agh!    I shouldn't have tried to brainwash you. You have every right to be mad. Really?  I don't know, but whatever it is, it's worth the ticket price, because couples that pay to see it are stronger, better, and much, much happier. How does the school let things like this happen??  They have sex? We didn't make any effort, we didn't have a choice! Yeah! This is bullshit! We have good reason to be angry! This country is going to shit! We have exactly twelve days before the oil is gone, and our president is a socialist who wasn't even born in America! So lame! Why doesn't everyone just die?!  Rook! Ifuh somebody ordereduh shitty beef, anduh complain because they say they ordereduh shitty shrimp, It's notuh my fault he gets the shitty chicken poured all over hisuh fuckin' head!  That's enough! I've beem sick of everyone talk aboutuh penis shize! Not me. Welcome to Shitty Wok. Can I take a order prease?  Wha you talking 'bout? A what? Ret me see that!  Oh no, a sushi prace? How come every time a hard-working Chinese man open a business, some shmelly Japanese dog has to come and try invade him?! Where is this Japanese-uh toiret bowl?! How far from my Shitty Wok?! What?! Whaaat?!  What's the big idea putting your Shitty Sushi right next to my Shitty Wok?! No I don't want Shitty tuna roll! I want you to go find another shitty town to open your Shitty Sushi prace! I ''am'' speaking Engrish! Why don't ''you'' speak a fucking Engrish, you soba eating fuck! Come on, kid, you don't wanna eat this-a Shitty Sushi! It give you worms.  You see what happen?! Now everyone in town think a Chinese and a Japanese are the same fucking thing! Aaah you Japanese racist!  Okay, whoa, just hold a minute, hold a minute. I come ina peace. Come on, rook! All this fighting, it's just to sirry, you know? Chinese anda Japanese been fighting for so rong. It'sa ridicurous. What we need... is to have a tweaty. Nono, we need a tweaty. No, not a treaty, a tweaty! What the fuck is a tweaty? A tweaty?  Rook rook. All these racist people thinka that a Chinese and a Japanese are the same, right? So you and me, we put on a big assembry for all the kids are school, and then everyone understand curtural difference. You know, so they know fried rice isn't from Japan and teriyaki isn't from China.  No, teriyaki isn't froma fucking China! Oh really? Oh great.  And when you get to that assembry, you gonna get big surprise, you Japanese dog. <poem><i>Ni hao ma, South Park Erementary?!</i></poem> <poem><i>How are we arr feering?! </i></poem> Hey, Mr. Takiyama, did you know that China and Japan are actually uh different countries? This whoooore thing is China, and Japan is this riiittle bitty country over here. And that's why the Japanese always try anda take over China! The Japanese planned to kill people in Nanking! The only thing Japanese ruve more than killing people is killing themselves! Suicide rate in Japan sky-high! "Oh no, I'm a Japanese and I had a bad day! I think I'm gonna kill myself!" Herro-o. Okay, hold on, hold on, please! I'ma sorry, okay? I'm sorry. I admit it. I fucked you at the assembly. How about you and me together do an Asian Diversity festival? Please, I admitting it, okay?I fucked you at assembly. There's no way around it. It was verrry sneaky. Kind of like Pearl Harbor. Okay? That was a little sneaky too, huh? Pearl Harbor kind of sneaky; I think we can all be a rittle sneaky sometimes, hm? But that sneaky Chinese man? He's gone! Okay? Okay, if we can have Asian Diversity festival, then we no longer have to deal witha "recial stereotypes." Prease. Okay, see you tomorrow.   They wanna take over my Shitty Woookk?! Hory crap, what time is it?   "No, don't do it, prease!"  Porice?! How?! What the fuck you talkin' about?! You people crazy!  Who are you people?! Why are you all here?! Thank you. }}  Bitch be callin' me, tappin' that shit, man. What's a penis? Example 1: Randy has a penis that is 4.4 inches in length. Its angle is 32 degrees. Its flaccid girth is one inch in diameter. His balls are seven centimeters from the base. Randy notes that the drift of his penis is four centimeters to penis right, and its dead weight is 0.5 kilograms.  Wow. What is that?  Stupid-ass blind liberals! Huh I don't have a small penis! My wife thinks my penis is perfectly fine!  Yeah, it doesn't matter! It doesn't matter! Nnnooo. Goddamn right! Socialist fascist!  We've waited long enough, Randy! Let's start killin' these sons of bitches! Shhh. Scrawny-ass sissies! Hey! What, do you think I got a small dick?! Huh?!  No. Yeeaahh! Yo, bitch! You think you bad? Just 'cause you're a mom don't mean I can't put a cap in your ass, bitch, mang!  I don't have a small penis! Don't say that, it isn't true! It isn't true! No, my, my shit be packing, manh. Man, that shit be burnin' an' shit, manh!  Yo let's cap these bitches, manh! Let's cap an leave em at the back of the building, manh! I may be female on the outside, but I still have a bigger penis than you! No. Yeeaahh! Kids, my name is Rebecca Turnod, and I'm an "actual doctor" of human sexuality and behavior. Unfortunately you have been taught some very wrong ideas in the past couple of days, and I am here to set things straight. Thank God. This isn't fair! How can the school make us get vaccinated? Hey Kyle?  Have you heard anything at all from Stan? I don't know what to do. It's like he's... completely turned off. Look, maybe what we should do is all go over to his house together, an-and that way we could- You like looking at girls' butt cracks, Stan?! Do you have any idea how embarrassed I am?!  So you didn't e-mail anybody else about Elise Thompson's butt crack, right?!  Specially when they're writing about your boyfriend's addiction to crack.  Of course. A kid could use the computer in there and nobody would know. We ARE here because of you, Eric, so just keep your mouth shut! I want you to try and forget these wild theories and understand that all that's important when it comes to a man and a woman making love is actually  Welcome to FedEx. How can I help you today? Alrighty, let's see what kind of- Yes, I've got some birthday presents I need shipped. Tom, I'm standing outside the FedEx in Fairplay, Colorado, where a radical political group has taken several people hostage. They call themselves the pissed-off and angry party. And they allowed me to speak with them moments ago. What exactly are you angry about? You've got a lot of people scared. What are your demands? Does it bother you that the Federal Express is not affiliated at all with the Federal Government? The musical came to a screeching halt as patrons flooded out the exits and water flooded the theater.  Butters, what are you doing? Your T.M.I.? Butters, put your clothes on. Butters, what does driving a car have to do with your penis being small?  What's going on? Oh, for the love of Pete! What is wrong with that boy? What? Oh my God! Oh, poor Butters!  Look! Now he thinks he's a truck driver.  To be honest, we're just a little surprised your son begged you to stay with us. We never knew your son and our son were so close.    Surgeon general, twelve more FedExes have been taken over; the Pissed Off and Angry Party is gaining more support! Mr. President, the bill is ready.  Aaand if you could just sign this one as well, Mr. President.  They've shut down American Airlines and American Apparels all over the country. We have to ask you to step down. They're all really angry. We have to make them stop. Is the team standing by to fuck that little boy Kyle? Just sign right here, Mr. President.  Are you seriously saying we're going to give in to their demands? Who is this? Your theory is fine, doctor, but it doesn't matter. The T.M.I. equation is true solid science, which cannot be changed. There's nothing we can do about it. Fellow Americans, as you all know, the T.M.I. scale was implemented long ago to assure that each and every American could accurately measure their junk. The established equation is a hundred percent accurate. However, due to recently collected data, we are making one change.  Team is standing by, sir. No, please! Oh, careful darling, the storm is getting worse. Oh my God look out it's a Mexican!   Do you understand? What are we supposed to do?! Call the police?! And have him shipped back to Mexico like some animal?!  Win-dow. Wiinnn-dow.  Oh darling, it's wonderful.  It's a present, Mantequilla. Un presente. Oh he's such a happy little Mexican.  Oh look at him, darling. He's so happy. Oh he's so adorable. It's Mantequilla. We've tried giving him everything, but I don't think he's happy. Tonight I told him he could do whatever he wanted before bed - wash the windows, mop up our bathroom - but you know what he said? He said "I need to go home." I tried telling him "your home is here, Mantequilla! Tu casa es aqu!" But I don't think he feels it. No, Brian! In my heart I know it's true. He belongs with his own kind, Brian. He belongs with his own kind!  No! Mantequilla bad! Go now! No es bueno, Mantequilla! No me mi-mires! Por favor! Por favor no mires!  We interrupt this newscast for an important message from the surgeon general. Terrance and Phillip will be right back after these messages.  Adam Sandler is Jack. Adam Sandler is Jill.   It's Adam Sandler in ''Pbbbbbt'', rated Arg for pirates. Fuck you! Jim Carrey has a bunch of turds in his apartment.   It's Jim Carrey in ''Whatever, You'll Pay To Go See It. Fuck you!'' July 12. The President of the United States... is a duck??  Coming this fall to Fox/CBS/FX. Jurassic Park and Lost in the same TV show!  This is breaking news, from CNN! Or Fox or, whatever.  Fuck you. Sorry folks, we are in a hold. We are in a hold. "The Book of Mormon." You'll get a blowjob. You're watching The History Channel, where the truth is history. You're watching the History Channel, the only network dedicated to history. Coming up next, it's Monster Quest! Larrh! Followed by Hairy Bikers. Errh! But now, back to Part 3 of Ancient Aliens at Thanksgiving. They're noisy. They're nasty. They're white trash. And when you give them a little Pabst Blue Ribbon  Tonight, on an all-new... ''White Trash... In Trouble''! That one was smelly. Take this, Dalai Terrance.  So much sufferin'...  <poem><i>Wikileaks, the bum hacker with a heart of doom.<br />Everyone knows the gerbil king, but no one ever speaks<br />Of Lemminwinks's brother, the evil Likiweaks...</i></poem> <poem><i>Lemmiwinks, King of Gerbils, stop your brother of doom!</i></poem> These are images of babies born addicted to crack cocaine. Their mothers have abandoned them. They lie in the dark, crying, with nobody to hold them. Their world is bleak, lonely, and hopeless.  Won't you volunteer today? Look at these pictures. They need you. Please. Go to your local hospital now. Here are some more pictures.  It's a really great thing you're doing. We have so many abandoned babies and not enough people like yourself who care. Just hold them, talk to them, play with them. You'll find they're so hungry for attention. Here's our crack baby ward now.  I know it isn't much but, we don't have a lot of funding, you see. Come, come, right over here.  Young Eric has been here every day for the past two weeks, bless his heart. Bye, Eric.  Certainly. We're... here all the time, unfortunately. Isn't it wonderful? All the crack babies will have a home now. Ah, Mr. Cartman. We have your table waiting, sir. Whatta you want? Oh Gohhhd. It's like these voices in my head won't be quiet until I use again. I don't want my baby born addicted to drugs! But I can't stop!   The what? They said it's a boy. How much will he make? So what? You would make money off of my child? That doesn't seem fair. Cain't you change the rules?  Dean Howland, a representative from another prestigious institution is here to see you. A what? Send him in.  In the what? I have... no idea what you're talkin' about. Are you referring to our student athletes? Look, there are  good reasons why our student athletes cannot be paid, young man. We do  not own slaves, and we have no desire to own slaves. Get out! This is a prestigious university and I am not saying one more word to you! Let me get this straight. You kids want me to tell you where Slash lives? Well I'm afraid I can't do that, kids. Come on! Kids write to Slash every day, but it all just goes into this big pile over here.  The reason I can't tell you where Slash lives is because he don't live nowhere. Don't you ever wonder how Slash can be aaall those places at the same time? It's because he's made up! He- Don't spoil it for the kids, Marty. It's up to parents to tell their children Slash ain't real.  Hullo? Ohh dear. Clyde's asking about Slash. Clyde, the truth is Slash isn't a person. He's more like a... feeling in your heart, you know?  Er he's like love. People all over the world dress up like Slash and have different names for Slash. The Dutch call him Vunter Slash. Your mother's Dutch, you know, Clyde. Ha- how did that old folk song go, honey?  Oooo well, the day had to come.  Clyde, sometimes people like to pretend with make-believe characters. He's not really a lie, he's like ahh... ''Vunter Slash kapunshka'' ''Shpielerin manshunshka''  Boys, I want to thank you for bringin' the CB double A franchise here to EA Sports. You've made us a lohhht of monih.  Oh, well, fuck 'em. And fuck you too. I piss in your faces.   Well boys, this has been real educational and all, but now let's part with that old EA Sports sayin': "Get the fuck out of my buildin'!" ''Vunter Slash kapunshka. Shpielerin manshunshka. Het mine gaset rosa. Danka Vunter Slasha'' <poem><i>Vunter Slash kapunshka. Shpielerin manshunshka. Het mine gaset rosa-</i></poem> What's this? Thanks. Welcome to City Sushi. Can I take er order prease? I'm sorry I do not understand your accent. You want a Shitty tuna roll? Why don't you please ujust speak Engrish? Maybe I can understand you! Get out or I call porice! Better than Shitty Kung Pao Chicken made from cat!  I told you not to come in here! I don't even know what the fuck you are saying! Uhpupuh putuh peepee! Youuu, get out! I told you not to come in here! I don't berieve you! What is tweaty? A tweaty? Oh, you mean a treaty? No no, a treaty. Very well. I will do assembly with you. <poem><i>Konnichiwa?!</i></poem> Oh, rearry?  Hey, that ruhight. If you ook at map, you can see. What?! Fuck you! You get the fuck out of my place! Get the fuck out before I call police! Against my better judgment, I will trust you one more time. But this time, you'd better not rub your hands together when you turn around to walk away. What took you so long?! Urgh. Fuck you! I'ma not trying to kill myself! Thisa Chinise rat trying to kill me! How could I ret myself berieve white man was a Chinese?! I have brought shame upon myself!  Hello? Breaking into a store, Butters?! What are you?! Oh, we'll ground the shit out of him, detective. Thank you so much. So you're telling us that Dr. Janus has been the owner of City Wok all this time? Yes Butters. Thanks to you, maybe Dr. Janus can get back to his real self. Whattaya mean? Alright, Butters, that's enough MTV for one day. You need to watch something that stimulates your brain. I'm putting on History Channel. That's my son. Is there a problem, officer? What?! An Asian turf war- Butters! You are grounded! Don't talk back to me!  Go up to your room, now!  Butters started an Asian turf war! I don't know, but it's clear it isn't our parenting! We're awesome! He must have mental problems. I think we'd batter have him checked out, Linda. Well, Dr. Janus? Doctor, what can we do? Should we ground him? Oh God the medication isn't working! Butters! Butters!!  '''''Butterrrrs!!!''''' You're back. You're back-he's back!  I love you, son! You're going to be okay, Butters! You hear me?! '''''You are going to be okay!!!'''''  What was the show about? Wish we could live in New York where all the musicals are. I'm afraid I have some bad news. Your son is suffering from Multiple Personality Disorder. There are several distinct personalities going on in there. One is named "Postman Butters" and yet another is "Fireman Butters." And then there's even "Inspector Butters" and uh, "Professor Chaos". From what I gather, he seems to mostly jump in and out of personalities when he's outside playing. Sometimes he's a cowboy and other times he's an Indian, and the two seem to be at constant odds. No, I don't think grounding him would do much good at this point.  What your son needs now is lots of tender loving... medication. Heavy medication. Butters, when you were playing in the yard yesterday, do you remember becoming someone named... Big Rig Butters? What makes Big Rig Butters come out? Did somebody hurt him? Did he do something bad he can't forgive himself for? You don't know. But, maybe somebody else in there does. Do you think it would be possible for me to speak with... Inspector Butters? I'm now speaking to the person known as Inspector Butters. Inspector Butters, what do you want? And is there someone else living with you, someone named... Professor Chaos? He's a bad man. He doesn't like Butters, does he? Does Professor Chaos want to murder Butters? Who am I speaking to now? Ah, Butters. You're back. I know you are. This is going to sound scary, pal, but... you have people living inside your head. And some of them want to murder you. Yes, I'm afraid you're a little sick. But it's okay, because together we're going to get you well. Don't mind him, Butters. Billy's a pretty messed up kid. He was molested by his uncles. Now, what are the things that make you happy, Butters? What's the matter, Butters? Are you still with us? Is one of your other personalities trying to take over? What are you feeling, Butters? Are you nervous about your condition? Oh, hello Butters. I wasn't expecting you till 5:30. Yes. did you catch something?  Oh, so you're on to me, huh you little shit?! What, Inspector butters figured out I set him up?! Oh come on! You think multiple personality disorder is real?! I've been using that to scam this town for seven years! Now I gotta get out of here, thanks to you! But I'm getting one last heist before I go, and you're gonna help me! Get in there! Move it, asshole! They're all idiots! The vault! Get to the vault! Come on! Go! Movie it!  Torch that door, do you hear me?! I'll kill your parents! I'll kill your friends! I said get that fucking door open! Butters? Butters, what are you doing? What is that? A blowtorch? Put that down! You're having another episode! Butters. Your name is Butters! Try and remember!  Oh boy, you've really done it this time. I know it's not your fault, but I'm sorry. I'm going to have to alert the authorities, pal. We have to try and understand that he can't help what he's doing, officer. He probably has no memory of it at all. Butters please! It's me, Billy! You've gotta help!  The mean man that lives in our head is trying to take over for good!  He's got a gun. If you draw any attention he'll kill us! No, you can't. But you know somebody who can. Inspector Butters. You've got to become Inspector Butters again and help me find out what the mean man wants. You don't understand! For some reason the mean man is getting stronger. You have to help me find out how to stop him! Please!   Dr. Janus sure has a big house, dudn't he? He's planning on hurting people; I just know it! This is kinda fun. You're Inspector Butters and I'm your faithful assistant, Dr. Watson! Yeah!  Butteers, what are you doing in my house? Oh dear. It's okay, Butters. You just think you're Inspector Butters right now.  Where are ya gon', Butters? You aren't leaving here, Inspector! None of you are! Butters, come on! Try and come back to us!  You'll never turn me in, Inspector Butters! You're dead! Tom, a brand new sushi place has opened in South Park, adding to our booming Asian district. With the addition of the new Chinese restaurant, townspeople are officially naming this whole Chinatown area "Little Tokyo." Tom, I'm standing in the heart of South Park's Little Tokyo, where the multitude of our town's Chinese are putting on a festival. Both of them have gone all out to celebrate Asian culture. The owner of Shitty Wok has actually paid for what he calls "a tower of peace."  to symbolize harmony between the two restaurants  Honk honk! Breaker 1-9, breaker 1-9. It's clean clear out to Flagtown! Looks like we got ourselves a convoy! Honk honk! Teriyaki isn't from China?  Don't listen to Dr. Janus! He's a mean old man and a big silly grown up. He's just a big old stick in the mud who doesn't like to play. Dr. Janus isn't going to be alive for long! I'm going to kill him! Your soul will bleed for eternity! Let's play Battleship! All hands on the poop deck! You don't even know what sexy is, Mr. Harrison. <poem><i>That Big Red freshness lasts right through it!</i></poem> The horned toad says we should go to Mexico.  Mr. Takiyama, a note for you.  Oh yeah. Yeah. Let's just let him keep believing he's a Chinese man. Good! Alright! Alright! Yeah! Detective, he's asking for a blanket. Is that alright? Yay!   Uh, hold it. Is that a Tween Wave band? Sorry, Stan. you know you're not allowed to listen to this stuff. I've told you what I think of this music, Stanley. You have plenty of other gifts to enjoy. Oh for crying out loud, I gave him a great party and that's all he cares about. Yes I do, if it's that stupid Tween Wave garbage! You haven't heard it? It's terrible! It's hardly even music; it just sounds like crap! This is different!  It's... not because I'm older. I'm telling you, our music is better. Fine, Randy!  Well, it sounds like crap, right?! Oh come on! That music sounds like shit! Admit it, Randy! You think it sounds like crap too! We're sorry boys, but we have all decided that as of now, none of you are allowed to listen to Tween Wave music. Stanley I want you to understand that even though I won't let you listen to certain kinds of music, I still love you. Soon you'll be old enough to make your own choices, but for now, I just don't want you listening to that stuff. That's very mature of you, Stanley. Goodnight, sweetie.   Randy, do you mind cleaning up the garage like I asked you? Stop pretending to like the kids' music, Randy! It's pathetic! You know damn well it sounds like crap to you too! Randy, don't you see what this is? You had dreams of being a rock star when you were younger, now you can't admit the next generation's music sounds shitty, it's called "getting older", Randy. It's okay. It's crap, Randy! It's so simple and stupid that anybody could play it!  Who the hell is that woman, Randy?! What the hell do you think you're doing?! Yes, it IS your fault, Randy, because you're a child! I'm sick of having to...for this! You're 42 years old, Randy! Oh is that what you think?! That I'm dead?! You do this all the time! First you're obsessed with baseball fights! Then you need to play Warcraft! Then you gotta be a celebrity chef!  Support what?! Another stupid dream of yours?! WHAT does our son turning 10 have to do with ''you'' making the same mistakes again and again?! I'm unhappy too. We both are, obviously. How much longer can we keep doing this? It's like, the same shit just happens over and over and, then in a week it just all resets until- it happens again. Every week it's kind of the same story in a different way but it, it just keeps getting more and more ridiculous. I want to enjoy it too, but... I can't fake it anymore. You just seem kind of shitty to me. People get older, Randy. People grow apart.  Oh, right, uh. Good bye, Stan. I-I love you.   We talked a lot and, we know it's what's best for you kids and, I don't know... People get older, Stanley. And as you get older you realize... the best thing to do is just... stick with what you know. Nono, I'm good, thanks. Oho that was so much fun! All the costumes and the sets were amazing! I really love the songs. That Stephen Schwartz is a genius! I've got them all stuck in my head.   What?? Randy, are you serious?? Oh my God, first you take me to Wicked and now this? No, no, little Larry is really making Shelly come out of her shell too. That's what we're doing, putting our faith in Randy's new musical. Oho, more than a chance. Randy's actually having a meeting right now with Stephen Sondheim. Hey hun. Ruhur-Randy, it's fine. You do plenty with me. Did you have a good time? Oho Randy, that's great! I'm really proud of you. Of course not, go ahead, hun. I'm just gonna wait up for Shelly. I gave her those tickets to "Wicked."  She's seeing it with her little boyfriend. Yeah, her and little Larry Feegan. They're going to see "Wicked" together. It's Shelly's first Broadway musical. Randy, slow down! Jesus Christ! Why does it matter?! Too young?! That's it, Randy! Turn this car around right now! WHY?!  That's ridiculous! Musicals don't make me wanna give blowjobs! Yes. Oh... Well, yeah, but- Oh my gosh. Nuh-nn No, this is crazy! Musical theater people are respected. Refined. Cultured. It can't be! I've loved Broadway musicals ever since I saw "Grease" with Jacob Harrison and his brother Kip and we-  Oh my God! AAAA! Randy!  Randy, what are you doing?! I don't know if I can really be that mad at you for doing something every guy in America does.  the bottom line is I love going to those shows. If the fallout from that is I make you really happy for a while, well, I guess they're actually a pretty magical thing. So, what Broadway show do you think is coming to Denver next? It's called Tween Wave, and if you're a parent your kids are probably listening to it. A new music genre for the era from 2009 through 2012. or "The Tweens." Every generation has their music, but many parents say Tween Wave sounds like crap. Kids however say they don't hear crap at all. You've heard of Mexican salsa, but Mexican pride? The phenomenon is called "Orgullo de Mantequilla," where Mexicans are realizing it actually is starting to suck more here in the US. The borders are being flooded with Latin Americans trying to get back to their own countries.  But just what has sparked the Mexican desire to live... in Mexico? Joining us now is economist Mark Geiger, and Mark, we've heard of Mexican ice cream, but Mexican patriotism? It's just vulgar and stupid, you know? Music used to be good. Enjoying the show? No? Oh, it'll happen, don't worry. Right now your wife is being shot so full of subliminal messages, all she'll be thinking about afterwards is "blowjob." It's a musical thing. Women are so caught up in all the singing and dancing they don't even notice it but, there's a blowjob reference almost every ten seconds. Broadway writers call it "subtext." Just listen really, really closely. Fuck you, bitch!  This sounds like poo.   I certainly don't understand kids' music today. Sounds like diarrhea to me. How long was it? Sounds like a dream, bro. Don't bro down against Sondheim, Randy! It's suicide! Parents are dumb. They don't get it. Parents are stupid. Come on! They don't get it. Screw this. Tween Wave is swick. Tweem Wave is super swick and parents don't get it, 'cause their ears are old. Hurry up, screw this. Parents are dumb. What's good about a bunch of crap sounds to a drumbeat? I wanna educate you kids with some real music.  Whattaya mean it sounds like shit? This doesn't sound like shit. Yuck! Uh huh, and what about food? Are some of the things you thought tasted good tasting like shit to you now, too?  This says you had a birthday recently? Well, that makes sense. You see Stan, as you get older, your eardrums, taste buds, all that stuff develops and changes. It's very normal. Let's just do a quick ear exam. I'm gonna play some Tween Wave music and you tell me what you hear.  What's that sound like to you? Aha. Now I'm going to play you some good ole Bob Dylan.  Wait, this sounds like shit to you? Well that's very strange.  Look at these two pictures. One of them is an ad for Kevin James' new movie ''The Zookeeper'', and the other is a turd in a microwave. Which one is the ad for ''The Zookeeper''? You don't see any difference in the pictures?  that is a turd about to be reheated. Oh dear. I think I know what this is. You see Stan, as you get older, things that you used to like start looking and sounding like shit. And things that seemed shitty as a child don't seem as shitty. With you, somehow, the wires have gotten crossed and everything looks and sounds like shit to you. It's a condition called "being a cynical asshole." Yes. And there's no known cure, I'm afraid. Everything just seems shitty, and everyone starts to seem shitty, and everything they say just starts to  You suck! Did you know we're livin' in the Tween time? Guess it's the period between 2009 and 2013. They call it the Tweens. So they got this feller down at the bowling alley? He gets up on the stage an' shits his britches. I don't know. But he gets up there and strums a gueetar and then starts loadin' his britches up like it's goin' out of style.  It's like some kind of britches holocaust. Feller calls himself Steamy Ray Vaughn. Nnooh. That's Stevie Ray Vaughn. Steamy Ray Vaughn just shits his britches. I told you. Them britches don't stand a chance. That there's Steamy Nicks. Nnooh, that's Stevie Nicks. Steamy Nicks just shits her britches.  I agree. Why don't you leave them poor britches alone? Sound like Steamy Ray Vaughn is goin' at it with his wife over Steamy Nicks. We got to now, if their fightin' is our best chance tuh save them britches.  Come on britches, we're settin' you free. Nah, I'd a heard that. You mean that guy that plays the blues and died in an airplane crash? What fer? Lord, I ain't never seen britches take a whoopin' like that. Wait now, who's that lady? You mean that gal who played for Fleetwood Mac and wrote that song "Landslide"? Them britches have had enough! What do you suppose is goin' on in there? You... sure you wanna do this? (Get him!) (No, he's telling the truth)  (Hit the X button, Kyle!) (Are you serious?!) (What?) (I don't know.) (No!) (Oh, fuck. I'm gettin' out of here!)   (I don't really know!) (Yeah.) (Yeah, that's true.) (Go, dude!) (Woohoo!)   (What the fuck are you doing here?!) (I'll be there, Karen.)  (This is Eric Cartman.) (Uh huh.) (Thanks, Stan.) (Good for me.) (AAAAHH!)   All alone today? Well, what can I get you? A little young to be so pessimistic, aren't ya kid? Oh that's funny, that's real funny. Big Harry and Mike in the Morning talkin' about the new hit movie . Big Harry and Mike in the Morning. We'll talk more about it but let's get to some music. The new Tween Wave band  Big Harry and Mike in the Morning and in case you didn't catch last night's episode of , we're breakin' it down. Nonono, no! How about when . I like that! Big Harry and Mike in the Morning, talkin' about ''Two and a Half Men''. I think Ashton Kutcher makes it the show to be seen, Mike. ''Dolphin Tale'', Big Harry and Mike in the Morning.  I saw the movie last night, Big Harry, and it made me laugh so hard! This movie's about a  Aw, man it's great! Oh Big Harry, when the  Yeah. Yeah, but what about that movie ''Dolphin Tale''? I am psyched for that!  these three boys were caught playing hooky. Eric, what is it this time?  You don't feel warm. Can you lay on your stomach? What the?   Why are there hamburgers in your underwear?  This doesn't make sense. Are you trying to sneak food into the school or something? Very funny! Get out of my office! Hello Mrs. Melman, this is the school nurse. I'm afraid your son has had a little accident.  No no, it's not serious, but he went number two during class.  I'm afraid he's gonna need a new pair of pants and underwear, and a clean pair of socks. Those two should just screw and get it over with!  Oh hey, Kenny. Who's this? What are you talking about? The poor kid in this school is Jacob Hallery.  Did he do stuff like this at your old school? Yeaahh...  Does he live with you at the foster home? Yeah, dude. His dad died five years ago and his mom went crazy from depression, so she can't even keep a job. The truth is we still know very little about Asperger syndrome, Mrs. Marsh. All our patients here show the same social awkwardness that your son exhibits.  Good morning Mr. Mathers.  We've got a new patient, Martin. I want you to meet Stan.  Oh uh, we'll be done at about 5 pm, Mrs. Marsh. I'll call if it's any earlier. Alright, are we clear? Goodbye, doctor  Uh oh, looks like the serum is wearing off!   Nice to meet you. We're clear!  So do we. All of us here. We know the truth too. Yeah! How does it feel to be back in the Matrix? He's gonna pop!  You're pushin' him too hard! Haha!  Watch that window, Puck!  Alright Stan, listen up! We don't have a lot of time! You've been told Asperger's is real! It isn't! It's just a front we use to stay hidden! Of course not! If there was a social development disease, you wouldn't call it Asperger's! That's just, that's just mean!  There's a big war going on out there, Stan, and we want you to join our fight to bring it all down! You've broken through their reality and they don't like it! Others deserve to know the truth! You see everything as shit, don't you?!  Where other people see fun movies and hear cool music, all you see and hear is shit! Am I right? We found a way to make it stop, Stan. Now are you interested? Or not? Alright, is he ready to be sent in? We are the Secret Society of Cynics.  Everything looks like shit to you, right? What if I were to tell you... that you're seeing the world the way it actually is? The world around us has all completely turned to shit. But aliens are putting out a brainwave that keeps most people seeing a false reality Or, robots from the future, whatever. The point is they need to keep everyone in a blissful state of ignorance. Or genetically altered humans, whatever, fuck you! All that matters is that you are the key to bringing this whole thing down. They know who we are, but they won't be expecting you! Are you ready to go back into the illusionary world you once lived in? Let's send him in!  He's back!  Did you see the illusionary world again? Try and focus, Stan: we've found them! We know where the rock creatures are now. Or aliens, or AI- things. Whatever, fuck you. Come on kid, there's not a lot of time left. Stan, you have to convince people they're living in a world of illusion. We're sending you back in!   Alright, nice work Stan. Now comes the final step! You have to take out Duck President! But Stan, you have to take down the bad guys and go through a personal transformation, so that everything can go back to the way it was! Thanks! He's ready! Beta levels are normal. Yeah. Everything used to be awesome and cool, but now everything's gone to shit and nobody knows except us! Jill, you got a date with Al Pacino? I think Al Pacino wants to play Twister with your sister. It's okay. That's just your brain levels adjusting back to the real world. We all know why we are here. There's a rebellion in our midst and it must be SQUASHED OUT!  Yes, yes, but what do we do? At KFC we've seen a 50% drop in sales.  It's as if he's somehow taking all the ingredients of our food, breaking them down into some kind of... gas. And them somehow... infusing that gas into his hamburger. What kind of instrument could he be using to do this? It's worse at Pizza Hut. Cartman Burgers choked out the market. It would have to be some sort of super Dutch oven.  What makes them so ''good''? For whatever reason, these Cartman Burgers satisfy the taste cravings from all of our restaurants! Hey! Wake up. Come on now, wake up!  You know the secret? Stop playing with us! What's the secret behind Cartman Burger's amazing taste?! Ah ha! Oho right, like someone would just walk away from a friendship like that? Oh sure! Anyone would ditch out on their best friend 'cause they weren't feeling good! Now stop playing games and tell us why Cartman Burgers is so delicious! Alright, I guess we're going to have to do this the hard way.  You got that?! Oh, right. Like a ''friend'' would walk out on somebody who was diagnosed with a serious illness! Oh yeah, like any friend would say something that severe and then try to take it back.   It's the chemical compounds from all our flavors. Pizza Hut, Burger King, KFC, all somehow infused into one burger. He's lying!  You see this kid in the picture? This guy is his best friend. They've been through everything together. Inseparable. But a Dutch oven with greater technology than we've ever seen.  Wow.  Eeewww! Vamos Mantequilla!  Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah.  Yeehaw! Base! Why? He's gone! Why are you involving me in this?  Will you stop changing channels and just pick something? This is my room! I'll take the remote from you! You're a guest here! Your mom isn't in charge! That's the alarm; someone's in the backyard. I don't know. A motion detector.  Eh, b-base. Yeah. It's not a bad idea. If all the students unite, we can work together to fight the f-f-fit. All we need is some good old-fashioned di... di... di... diplomacy. Hello sir, we are here on behalf of all fourth graders at South Park Elementary. Well, sir, we believe that the 1% should be dropped from the fitness results, so that our scores can be more accurate. ...Excuse me, can you use a different terminology please? All you're doing is making the other 99% more angry. I warn you: this could turn very ugly. Now hold on a second, fellas. If you're the 83%, then our class is only 17%. But if he's 1% of 17%, then he's .17%. It sure is. I-I can barely see. </i></poem> Oh my God, are you alright? Poor thing must have snuck across the border and then lost track of his family. Darling, I don't know if we can keep him. Yep, window. Auhp, be sure to get the edges. Surprise! We've scraped some money together and got you something.  How do you like that, Mantequilla? Your very own leaf blower! Hahah, I have no idea how it works, but I'm sure you do, huh. Say, how'd you like to go in the back yard and play?  Hup. Nono, Mantequilla! You're just blowing the leaves from one side to the other. Get them in one pile so you can use the garbage bags we loaned you. Honey? Honey, what's wrong?  Well, maybe if we let him paint the garage, he'll feel more like family and then- <poem><i>Work, Mexican, work.</i></poem> <poem><i>Sweat</i></poem> <poem><i>Toil</i></poem> <poem><i>Catatafish of the Salmon School.</i></poem> <poem><i>Catatafish's tale will soon be told.</i></poem> <poem><i>Catatafish made a salmon suck asshole.</i></poem> <poem><i>Go Lemmiwinks! Stop Wikileaks!</i></poem> <poem><i>Run, run, the battle's on! Wikileaks and Lemmiwinks. Run, run, the battle's on!</i></poem> <poem><i>Go Lemmiwinks! Stop Wikileaks! Run, run, the battle's on! Wikileaks and Lemmiwinks. Run, run, the battle's on!</i></poem> <poem><i>Go Lemmiwinks! Stop Wikileaks!</i></poem> <poem><i>Go Lemmiwinks! Stop Wikileaks!</i></poem> <poem><i>Run, run, the battle's on! Wikileaks and Lemmiwinks. Run, run, the battle's on!</i></poem> <poem><i>Go Lemmiwinks! Stop Wikileaks! Run, run, the battle's on! Wikileaks and Lemmiwinks. Go Lemmiwinks! Stop Wikileaks!</i></poem> <poem><i>Man time!</i></poem> <poem><i>Man time!</i></poem> <poem><i>Man time!</i></poem> <poem><i>Man time!</i></poem> <poem><i>So what could be better on a football Sunday? What could be better on a football Sunday?</i></poem> <poem><i>Work, Mexican, work.</i></poem> <poem><i>Work, Mexican, work.<br />Work, Meheecan</i></poem> <poem><i>lot in life.</i></poem> <poem><i>Work, Mexican, work.</i></poem> <poem><i>Nothing beats a blowjob on football Sunday.</i></poem> <poem><i>Two people in love it's amazing. Tim Tebow please don't let us down. How about a hummer at halftime-?</i></poem> Come on, honey.  Mantequilla? Yo he escuchado de este nio! He visto anuncios de el por donde quiera!  Un nio gringo que quiere ses mexicano?  No... no. Saben qu? Mantequilla tiene derecho. Por qu venimos a este pas? Vale madre aqu, 'mano!  Debemos escuchar a este nio. Mexico es mucho mejor que esto!  Todos mis amigos estn all tambin..   Good for you, Nelson. Did you get a blowjob afterwards? I took my girl to see that show last week. Got the best hummer of my entire life afterwards. Nonono, have you see South Pacific? That's a jaw-breaker. And Wicked moves to Seattle in a couple of weeks. Mantequilla? A la chingada con esto! Vamonos!  Oye Yimenez! Nos vamos a regresar, hombre!  Este lugar es una mierda! Nos regresamos a Mexico!  It's true. I'm taking my wife on Saturday bro. Nice, bro! Wicked isn't even the best, bro. You've gotta check out Jersey Boys! It makes women hummer crazy!  Randy! Randy, brah! Stephen Sondheim is really pissed off, Randy. He says he wants to challenge you to a bro down. Randy, no! Stephen Sondheim is the greatest Broadway composer alive today! Perhaps the greatest of all time! You do NOT want to bro down with him. S. Es famoso!  Ay, tiempos han cambiado.  S, vamonos a la chingada! Careful w'my foot!  Qu?  Jose! Martinez! Nos vamos para atras para Mexico!  Pretty quiet out there. Just seems like Mexicans don't try to cross into the US as much as they used to, you know? Yeah, a bit too quiet if you ask me. Gimme those!  Noo, they're out there, Charlie. Plottin' their next move. They'll do anything they can to get into the Land of Opportunity.   That don't make sense. Welcome to the US Border Patrol. You volunteers are the key to keepin' this country safe and prosperous.  Marcus? Let's get ready, recruits! Must be a couple dozen of them!  This is the US Border Patrol! Stop where you are! Turn around and get back to work! You're pretty good at stoppin' Mexicans, son. What's your name? When we asked Obama to stop illegal immigrants, we didn't mean to make the US so shitty they wouldn't wanna come anymore. Oh my God it is!   Fuck are you doin'?!  Uhh, sir? Aren't them Mexicans runnin' ''into'' Mexico?  You're going the wrong way! Yes, it's a very odd phenomenon, Chris. Ih it just-  Do you have what it takes to join the Border Patrol? Border Patrol officers are looking for volunteers to help with the reverse immigration crisis. The standard-issue border patrol weapon is the P-29 stun baton.  It carries a 4000 watt charge and is your best option for enforcin' border patrol law. The baton is non-lethal, but powerful e- There's too many of 'em! We're gonna need backup!   Hey! We got some! Mexicans at 2 o'clock!  Hoy celebramos el primer da de Mantequilla, honrando el espiritu de Mxico!  Mantequilla, tu tienes que hacer una decisin. Los Estados Unidos estn de baja, y claro, Mxico pronto ser el mejor lugar. Pero como Mexicanos, nosotros sabemos que nada es ms importante que la famlia, y amistades. Ests invitado a vivir con nosotros, Mantequilla, pero tienes que seguir tu corazn. Quieres quedarte aqu con nosotros, o quieres estar con tus amigos?   Let's face it: they've just about all gotten back across. No matter how hard we tried, the Mexicans all got across the border. Come on, buddy! Come on now, come on! You've got it.  Un otro shoto de Mantequilla. Y Manteque-ah. Oh! Una arma! Una arma del El Nio Gordo!  Mantequilla ayudar 1a Border Patrol!  Border Patrol pegaron El Cero Gordo!  El mirito, vinto!  Ohhh! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!   Oh no, what is it? Is he okay? Eric, we are asking you to please just remember what happened to Corey and not let it happen to Pete. What ''can'' we do? We're all gonna get fired! Oh, let's just face it: We made our beds when we enlisted Eric Cartman's help. We have to lie in them. Our students committing suicide? How do we do that? What do you want?   So what? I don't like you! Hey. Wait.  Look, I'm sorry. That was mean. I'd love to try one of your mom's cupcakes. Oh! Gahhh. Ohf. Yeah, I'm fine, I just- Awwgh!  be excused? Gah, I just need to go to the restroom! Please! I've gotta go now!  Eeeeww!  AWWW!  Sick! Aaaah!  Gross.  Yes! Lemmiwinks! I come with news of great gravity. Another rodent is out there, spreading terrible rumors and hacking e-mails.  Yes. And I'm afraid the ne Once again Wikileaks is trying to wreak havoc on our world. Only you can stop him, Lemmiweaks. Alright Lemmiwinks, we should probably get going now... The time is nigh, Lemmiwinks. Let us chase your destiny.  Ah! Sparrow Prince! What news do you bring? Then the moment is truly here! Come Lemmiwinks! Let us make haste! Le-le-Lemmiwinks? His heart is so heavy. I weep for him. I thank God I don't have to make that decision.  We might need to bring in some outside help. There's no time, children! You must take Lemmiwinks now! Quickly! We must get to the school! ''[the group makes it to a bus stop just as a transit bus is pulling away]</i> Faster driver! The final battle is about to begin!  To battle! Quickly, while Lemmiwinks still has it in him!  Oh dude, he is fucking him up! He did it! Congratulations, Lemmiwinks. Just one question Lemmiwinks: How does it feel to have killed your own brother?  He's devastated. It's just so embarrassing. What if the other girls find out my mother is in rehab? Really? You too? Of course, Tammy. I'm really glad I shared this with you.  It's okay Emily. Can I tell you a secret? My mom has a drinking problem too.  That's just between us, okay? I just want you to know that I have a hure crush on you and-  Hi Eric. I understand you really wanted to meet me. Wanna get a picture together? Wikileaks grows stronger with each passing moment.  The birds are tweeting that he is about to release his biggest story yet. Indeed. Could you do it, Frog Prince? Could you kill your own brother? Thanks to you, private lives will stay private. Yup, he's devastated. Well met, children of Adam. I, am Catatafish. I come asking for your help. There is only one thing that can stop Wikileaks. But right now Lemmiwinks is being held prisoner. I am Catatafish. I am a great wizard and, I am a friend. And I'm a ghost, besides of course being a fish. He does it purely for reasons of evil. And his treachery is not limited to humans. Wikileaks posted exaggerated things about me, too. He posted on his Web site that I had sex with an underage fish, and that I made her perform bass to mouth. If you accept this quest you will help the Gerbil King defeat Wikileaks once and for all! But the choice is yours. I'm not here to make you do anything. Like that underage salmon. I didn't make her do anything. If she wants to do bass to mouth, how is it my fault? No! No, see, that's wrong! It's being exaggerated again! Careful child! I assure you, Wikileaks is anything but stupid, except when he said I made that teenage fish perform ass to trout. That was stupid and untrue. Did I say ass to trout? I meant to say bass to mouth, though I guess it's basically the same thing, not that I did it. Excuse me. Yes, we are all free once again to make teenagers do bass to mouth.  Yes? Yes, Vernon's around somewhere. Hey! What are you doing with my gerbil?! MOOOM! SOME KIDS ARE STEALING MY GERBIL! MOOOM!   I didn't see the game. Took the wife down to Denver to see that new musical in town. Sure did. Forty-five minutes non-stop. I'm telling you Randy, put your time in with the musical, and the rewards afterwards are awesome. Wicked. It's gonna be blue balls for all of us. While you'll do great here in the Emerald City, I'm sure you can't wait to go! While you'll do great here in the Emerald City, I'm sure you can't wait to go! <poem><i>Now let's try ... defying ................... gravity ...</i></poem> <poem><i>And new loves cry ... defying ................... gravity ...</i></poem> Do something, you stupid vegan! Go! Go!  Not the vegans! Yes. Maybe you should let your son decide that for himself.  Maybe if Larry had a nice steak once in a while he wouldn't get beat up by every kid in school.  What do you want, Larry?  What do you want, Larry?  Hey!  And I got a victory point for the most roads connecting settlements. Dad, what are you doing here? It takes a lot of guts to be a vegan in today's world! You get labeled "soft" or "silly."  But the truth is there isn't a need to eat animal products. Would you ever believe that hot dog was vegan? Cancer, heart disease, drowning, all preventable with a vegan diet and a life jacket. And if people wanna say us vegans are silly, well they can just laugh all they want, 'cause being vegan is more important than being popular! He ''does'' decide for himself! Larry's been a vegan since he was born!  You know that when you think you have the flu, you're actually experiencing the gastrointestinal effects of contaminated meats or eggs? Researchers have found that in meat-eating households there is more fecal bacteria in the kitchen sinks than in the toilets. <poem><i>Anything goes</i></poem> <poem><i>Anything goes</i></poem> <poem><i>Blowjob!</i></poem> <poem><i>Blowjob!</i></poem> <poem><i>Hear things more clearly</i></poem> <poem><i>It's cold up here, I'm locked up here</i></poem> <poem><i>Day blowjob day!</i></poem> <poem><i>...........job, blowjob.</i></poem> <poem><i>AAAAAAAAAAAAAAH</i></poem> <poem><i>Sing, my angel of <small>blowjob</small> music!</i></poem> Huh? Of course. You can't be staying in a home with that much fire damage. Dead-bolted. Tolkien!  <poem><i>Yes I would like a blowjob </i></poem> <poem><i> Excuse me, I'm the queen of blowjobs.</i></poem> <poem><i>Oh Reginald! How about a hummer at halftime? A Super Bowl suckle from me?</i></poem> Really? <poem><i>I would love a blowjob.</i></poem> <poem><i> And what about you, my fair lady? Could I trouble you for a quick Lewinsky?</i></poem> Come now, a blowjob isn't with your mouth, it's with your heart. <poem><i>A woman should give blowjobs on football Sunday</i></poem> <poem><i>Give you husband a blowjob when you get home.</i></poem> <poem><i>Blowjobs, give up your blowjobs.</i></poem> Oh I don't know, kind sir. Blowjobs seem a little degrading to me. <poem><i>Now get on your knees and put that heart to work!</i></poem> <poem><i>You're guilty at blowjobs, you love giving blowjobs</i></poem> ... Blowjobs, ...blowjobs, ...blowjobs, ...blowjobs Today, I went to 7-11 and I ate a Slim Jim. It was the greatest thing I ever tasted. Nobody ever stood up for me before.  Oh no, you built another settlement?  Oh wow! <poem><i>A Super bowl hummer at halftime from my lovely blowjob queen!</i></poem> Mr. Randy Marsh? It is. I represent some of the biggest names in all of Broadway. They wish to speak with you. Mr. Marsh, this is Andrew Lloyd Webber  Stephen Schwartz Mr. Elton John.  and Stephen Sondheim. Helleow. Sit down, Mr. Marsh, we need to have a talk.  Tricking bitches into hour-long blowjobs is an art form. You have to leave it to the professionals! Let's go, Sondheim! Wipe the street with his punk ass! How about instead of "Splooge-Drenched Blowjob Queen" we call it... "The Woman In White" Woohoo!  Hey bro. We got wind of your musical. Just what the hell do you think you're doing? Bro! What's metaphorical about a musical called "Splooge-Drenched Blowjob Queen"?! The bro down is over! Let's bro out! That's what bros fuckin' do! Sup bro? No. I mean, "sup, bro!" Musicals are about subtext! "A blowjob isn't with your mouth, it's with your heart. Now get on your knees and put that heart to work." You're gonna ruin everything, you idiot! What brah?! Take a swing, brah! West Side Story, brah! Sweeney Todd, brah! Merrily We Rode Along, bro! Why you gotta disrespect, bro?! Show some respect, bro! Then stop disrespectin', bro! Okay, I respect you too! You're alright, Marsh. If it's cool with you, bro, Elton and Andrew and all of us wanna help you with your musical. And a cheer to Randy Marsh. Welcome... to Bro'dway. Wooooooooooo! You're making it too obvious! Women are gonna figure out what we're doin'! Yeh. We can help youse out a li'l bit with the subtext.  They're having such a great time together. I really wanna thank you, Sharon. I have to admit it makes me a little nervous having Larry up there without a life preserver on, but I guess we have to take changes sometimes. That's right, I, I hear his musical is getting a lot of attention, that it really has a chance of making it. Bro out! Party people!  Yeeeeeeeah! Would you mind?! I'm trying to enjoy this musical with my granddaughter! Alright, get the hell out of here, you!  Ohhhh. Awwwwww.  Hey, it's Spider-Man Last week the students of this school participated in the Presidential Fitness Test. I'm sad to announce that South Park Elementary scored the lowest in health and fitness in the entire country.  However, the Presidential Fitness Program never wants to single out one child, because then that child might feel bad. And so as far as we're concerned, you're all a bunch of fat fuckin' pigs. Sorry. As far as the board is concerned, you're all a bunch of fat fuckin' pigs. And so it is the recommendation of this board that every week, each class will alternate turns, giving up their recesses and instead reporting to PE. Aahh yes, the Fatty Boombalatty class. How's the extra PE treating you? What do you want ''me'' to do about it?  'Fraid that's impossible. The National Fitness Test has very specific standards. No one child can ever be made to feel singled out. We don't even like to use the term "physically fit" anymore because it can make a student feel unphysically fit, and then that student might end up feeling like a total retard. A-and then that fourth grader might end up feeling like a total retard. Oh yes, the Boom Boom Chubby Choom Choom school.  Oh my Jesus! Oh, not a 99% rally. AWWW! Alright, fourth grade class, you're up first. We're gonna do some rope-climbin'. Alright McCormick, let's start with you. Climb the rope.  Alright, let's go Broflovski.  But Eric, you ''are'' cool. It's not your fault, Eric. How can they blame ''you'' for what is clearly President Obama's fault? You didn't make that stupid Presidential Fitness Test. Obama did. Why would somebody do such a terrible thing? Sit down, you fucking bitch. Eh, Eric. Eric... Remember...  Yeah, that's right Eric. You don't need to grow up. You are awesome and keeewl. Why would somebody hurt Clyde Frog, Eric? Especially because you are so awesome and keewl. Does everything look okay? Shut your fat piehole, bitch! It's okay, Eric. It's over now.  Don't you see? The kids at school were right, Eric. It was time for us to grow up. Yes, they're gone. And now we can grow up and be together. They were holding us back! All the kids making fun of you at school, saying you're not keewl! Your stuffed animals all have to be gotten rid of, don't you see?! No, I thought of everything! It all happened here so that everyone would think Tolkien did it. All the blame will be on him. And we can live happily ever after. Oh no! You're totally right! But I thought my plan was perfect! I failed! I failed you! You have to kill me Eric! So that you don't get blamed! It's the only way Eric. You ''have'' to do it. Please! I can't live with myself after what I've done. Please, you have to do it Eric. Say "hello" to the sunrise for me.  Yeah. The fifth graders agree. We're all being punished for one lazy bitch. Let's make him suffer.  Tom, Occupy the Restroom has been going on for almost thirty minutes now. Certainly a sign that this country is more divided than ever. These 99%ers are fed up,  Uh, Tom, it looks like the movement is finished, but from the time it took, it must have been a pretty decent-sized movement. Let's stop the charades, Eric, and let's get down to business. We all know who fuckin' killed Clyde Frog, and she's the same dirty slut who's been fucking with us our whole lives! Yeah! You know what you did, skank! You let Clyde Frog get murdered! Eric! Don't come any closer! You said you wouldn't let anything happen to us. No Eric, don't come any-  Then why did you write in your diary "It was probably time for Eric to grow out of his stuffed animals" anyway?! Well, all I'm saying, Eric, is that- ALL I'M SAYING, ERIC, is that you went through your mom's diary for a reason! It's no good. The protest has quadrupled in size since this morning. As you can see from this aerial photograph, the protest covers almost two square miles. We have right officers here, here, and here. The media has been contained in this area.  Oh, these two people right here.  You have the right to remain silent. Now please look at the camera and say "I'm white trash and I'm in trouble." Alright, good. Now get in the car!  The mother and father will probably be released from jail on Monday, but I guess the kids are gonna be taken away for good. Child Protective Services is about to talk to them in the soft room. You know, the room we have set aside for kids to feel safe in. I'm afraid it's about to get worse. You see this area here? This is where we're setting up the stage for Bon Jovi. These are good cops! We can't have them standing around for hours without some entertainment! The problem is, with this area blocked by napping tents, we have no place to serve the officers beer. Yeeah! Hey! Get down to State Street! They're occupying Macaroni Grill! Just have a seat in there, kids.  Mr. and Mrs. Weatherhead, we have the new foster kids for your care.  The fire started with this. Definitely a case of arson. Somebody hates this kid. Sorry kid, we need to take this as evidence. The 99%ers movement continues to grow as more and more Americans occupy Red Robin. I asked some of the people exactly what they hoped to accomplish.  And sir, what do you hope to accomplish by this movement? And as the protesters inside Red Robin unite together, word is that filmmaker Michael Moore has joined the protesters outside. I like the uh, A1 Peppercorn Burger. And they got ummm, bo-bottomless fries.  I look at the faces of you protesters and I see the future of America! We are the 99%! YESSS!! Maybe we are and maybe we aren't. You got any proof? That doesn't prove anything. That fat little fuck is finally getting what's coming to him. He's in ''your class'' but you don't deal with him! So ''we'' are gonna remedy the situation! We've got big plans! Just stay out of our way and let the men handle this!  Breaking news from the Occupy Red Robin movement. The protesters have decreased in number from two to one, as one of the protesters has apparently splintered off from the group to start a new movement: Occupy the Restroom. Alright guys. You ready? Here we GO!  We are the 83%! We are tired of being punished for the fourth grade class! The fourth grade is stickin' it to the other 83% of the school! Because your class had Cartman in it, and he's the 1%! Ready! This is it. The inevitable has happened at Occupy Red Robin. It is full-on class warfare. Occupy Red Robin is over. Class warfare has torn apart the 99% and replaced it with the 30%, the 26%, and even little brackets of 5%s here and there. What does this mean for our country? What does this mean... for me? Oh hell yeah! I'll occupy me some goat-cheese peppadew peppers!  And now class warfare is breaking out. Apparently it is the fourth grade class versus the fifth grade class.  Hello boys and girls. My name is David Running Horse... Sawitsky, and I am one sixteenth Cherokee Indian. There've been a lot of "stories" about the first Thanksgiving, and unfortunately they are mostly geared towards making the Pilgrims look good, and my people being degraded as usual. Was Thanksgiving about turkey and peace? Or was it the beginning of the genocide of an entire race? What are you doing?! The first Thanksgiving was a space treaty?! Native Americans are aliens?! Haven't my people been through enough?!  Goddamn you! The white man is gonna PAY for his lies!  Just keep writing your apology!   Ack.  In every journal entry we researched from those early Pilgrims, not one entry mentioned anything about aliens not being there.  And if we look in all the journals and aall the history books, there is no reference to stuffing before 1621. So where did it come from? Did it come from space? We just don't know.  They found something. This could be it.  You boys have been very busy...  We need to know everything that you know. Have you been contacted by alien life forms?  For years we've been collecting information on Thanksgiving. We're getting close to the truth. And now you boys have exactly the same information. It can't be coincidence. What exactly did you seez?! My God. Would you be willing to say that on camera for an interview? Pilgrims and Indians were the aliens! How did we not think of it?! True dat. Get all those tourists out of here! We need this place secured! Give me a piece of chalk.  Huh... Nothing. Well, at least we weren't outsmarted by a nine-year-old kid.  We should've known. Pilgrims couldn't be from space. What is it? So then, Professor Broflovski was right after all.  Who did the truck belong to? The actress? That doesn't make sense. You're telling me that somehow during a stuffing shortage, this "Pilgrim" dropped down from space and got into a truck driven by Natalie Portman?!  We have to find Professor Broflovski. He was right about all of this. He'll know what to do.  Wait! Stop, stop! Please, Mr. Standish, we are all on the same side here. We know why there's a stuffing shortage. We've been trying to get the wormhole open. PLEASE!  We're the History Channel. We care as much about the truth as you do. But Mr. Standish, I'm afraid it's not that simple. We... tried to get the wormhole open with this symbol and it didn't work. We were wondering what she had to do with all this! Natalie Portman controls the wormhole! Alright Ms. Portman, we need you to open your wormhole. Please, Ms. Portman, you've got to open your wormhole right now! Curses and cranberries! I must get to Plymouth now! Do as they say! There has to be a way to get the portal open! Where's our expert?!  What do we do, Professor Broflovski? The History Channel said you were!  You must know... how to get Natalie Portman to open her wormhole. Alright, let's go, folks!  Darling?  Is that them? Did you come across some kind of ship or something? The symbology lines up to mirrored points in space. If Kyle Broflovski is right, then Plymouth Rock is some kind of wormhole.  That's them. Look at this, sir!  True dat.  Stuffing wasn't mentioned anywhere until 1621? And it might have been... alien technology?  Sometimes it takes the innocence of a child to make us see the most simple things.  Guess Kyle Broflovski was wrong. Here. You can see it right there. An object clearly fell from the sky and struck the Earth. It's a Pilgrim, sir.  We believe it belonged to Natalie Portman, sir. Fellow Pilgrims! The great Captain hath gone missing and thine enemies have attacked our stuffing mines! We must prepare for war with the Indians! You dare come to Plymouth, ambassador?! After attacking our stuffing mines?! Wihtout control of the mines we cannot supply stuffing to the mortals, ambassador! This will be war! And how knoweth you that?! I do not give free bowls of stuffing, what sayest you?! We will take back control of the stuffing mines!  And I pray to stuffing that you are wrong.  Where are you, Miles Standish? Then our last chance for survival is gone? And so soon the Indians will be here. Sound the corn horn! We must abandon Plymouth! Now it is OUR time! We shall attack Plymouth, and we will take... ALL THEIR STUFFING!  The stuffing mines were never yours! You are in no position to declare war! Your lead commander is nowhere to be found! Word travels fast in our sector. Then the Thanksgiving treaty will be off!  The stuffing mines are ours!  Take ALL their stuffing! Stuffing? Sure. Aisle 17. It's right there, right on the uh...  wait, that can't be right. Hey, hey Chet. What happened to all the stuffing? We got more in the back, right? You mean it's two weeks until Thanksgiving and we're completely out of stuffing?!  I just did inventory in the back, it... it was all put out here! Oh no! No! And furthermore, everything Kyle Broflovski said about Native Americans being from outer space was untrue! Native Americans were brutalized, and David Sawitzky's ancestors deserve an apology! It was wrong to mix aliens and real history! I I uh I'm only one sixteenth. How now, Indian?! Why hast thy race sent me here to Earth?! You Indians took me to thy planet, and then cast me here! Why?!   Hast thy race attacked our stuffing mines and sent me here to die?! Tell me, Indian! Hold your lying tongue!  Ah, he was not.  I have been told of your expertise, Kyle of DeVry Institute. I need your wisdom to get back to my planet. Into the wheeled chariot that strucketh me!  This is Natalie. We shall make camp here for the night. On the morrow perhaps we can reach Cape Cod. And Thanksgiving may yet be saved.  What is wrong with Kyle of DeVry Institute?  I fear, Kyle, that you still do not know whose side to be on. It must have been very difficult for you, being the one on your planet with his wild theories that Pilgrims and Indians were not of this world. HA! Ha ha ha ha ha ha!  My people came to your world, and so did our enemies. But we made a treaty, and for 300 years our people have not fought. But now, the treaty is over. You can't believe what everyone tells you, Kyle. You have to open your eyes.  Stay back, all of you! For I will get to Cape Cod and cannot be stopped! Come boys! Let us fight to the death! I trust none but them!  Then get us to Cape Cod as soon as possible! Earth is connected to Plymouth by this wormhole here. Once I get back I will assemble my people to attack Indi, and gain control of the stuffing mines. If all goes as planned, you will all have stuffing in time for Thanksgiving. Ah ha ha ha! Of course not! You have the correct symbol, but you are missing the keeper of the portal.  Please, Kyle of DeVry Institute. There is no more time for squabbles. The universe is at stake! Yes! Thank you, Kyle of DeVry Institute. Now the Indians can be stopped and Thanksgiving will be saved!  Now attack their left flank! Good! They're retreating! Hit them with the anti-Indian device!  Hi guys.  Mmmmmmmmmm. No.  Uh uh.  Mmmmmmmmmm. No. I had a lot of really close friends growing up, but not any brothers and sisters; I was an only child. I have dual citizenship in the United States and Israel.  Oh thanks. Well, I went to Harvard while I was acting. I got a BA. But I did classes at the University of Jerusalem too. Thanks, that was a lot of fun. What? What?  no.  Mmmmmmmmmm. Okay. Just for a sec though.  Alright, sir. We got some more information on the Pilgrim who crashed to Earth. Thirty seconds after impact the Pilgrim was hit by a truck and then put into the back seat. It gets worse. All over the country people are reporting a shortage of stuffing. We don't think it's coincidence. Look, if anyone knows about stuffing, it's Natalie Portman! Hold it right there!  We found Professor Broflovski! He is with the Pilgrim!   My Lord! My Lord, the battle is lost! We have tried to stop the Indians on their home planet, but yea they are too strong! I'm sorry my Lord. All Pilgrim forces sent to the Indians' planet have been wiped out. The treaty ends now!  The keeper of the... of course! Natalie Portman! Our window of opportunity is closing, sir! The wormhole has to be opened now! Yea. Stuffing mines. Yea.  There is certainly no evidence that the first Thanksgiving dinner was not haunted. You think you're man enough to fight me, you little shit?!  You're hurting my arm! You're hurting me! I'm white trash and I'm in trouble.  Yes, 'cause you're a drunk piece of shit, Dad! Shut up!  You're both drunk pieces of shit! Both of you sit the fuck down! No! Muh babies! Don't take my babies!  My babies!  Oww... Down on the ground! Move it! Let's go! Move move! Get down, now!  The soft room? Hi kids, how you doin'? My name's Mr. Adams and I just need to get some info from you. Does that sound okay? No, sorry. Now,  A Penn State administrator walks into a bar. Where's that smile? How about this one? Joe Paterno doesn't walk into a police station. Come on, that's a good one. Hi there, how you doin'? My name's Mr. Adams, and I'm with Child Protective Services.  I just need to get some information from you if that's okay. Okay, now it says here your mother was operating a meth lab. And it also says here that Penn State prefers to be losing at halftime? Because at Penn State they like when you're a little behind in the locker room. That's a joke. Did you get that one? It's a play on words, we like to have fun here. We just - no, we just like to have fun here. What? What, is that supposed to be some kind of joke? You think you're funny? Could be worse. Could be in Happy Valley! On a scale from 1 to 10, how old should you be to stay away from Penn State?  Two Penn State administrators walk into a butt-!  Oh! Oh, and "your momma" jokes are better?! They've been around since the '50s! Mr. and Mrs. Weatherhead, I received some disturbing news that all you're providing the foster children here to drink is soda? It's my business because Child Protective Services is accountable for these kids!  Have I given you my head shot? Okay now, are you only giving these kids Dr Pepper to drink? Excuse me!  Let's have a look around. Oh my God.  What's going on here?  It's not funny! No, no, take all these kids back to their parents! We've embarrassed the system and made it something nobody wants to be a part of! It's like a Penn State homecoming party!   Can I see my mommy? Huh?  I was wondering when you'd appear. You always come when I'm sad. Why did my mommy and daddy go to jail? But I'm all alone now. I'll try, guardian angel. I'll see you at recess, right? He just took me back to my classroom. Then he disappeared like always. What do we do, Kenny?  Kenny? Very good, we'll take them from here. Children, enter.  These are your foster brothers and sisters! They are all strict agnostics! David, do you believe in God?! Right! There are two bedrooms upstairs! Boys' room and girls' room! Your chores are listed on their respective doors! Follow!  Because what flavor is it?! It is neither root beer nor cola! Nobody is sure what flavor it is, and nobody ''can'' be sure! Isn't that right, Melissa?! Good! What in the name of nobody knows are you doing, Karen?!  Come on now! This is not the way we've told you to tidy up! Remember? Cleanliness is next to godliness, so make it kind of clean but not too much! Amanda! More ambiguous on the dusting!  This is where you'll sleep with your foster brothers. You will be clean, polite, and most importantly, you WILL follow the agnostic code: We cannot know with certainty if God or Christ exists. They COULD. Then again there COULD be a giant reptilian bird in charge of everything. Can we be CERTAIN there isn't? NO, so it's pointless to talk about. Now say it with me. HEY! We do not take the Lord's name in vain in this house, just in case there is one! Do you understand, or do you need the punishment room?! And if this food comes as a gift from some divine intelligence, we understand that an intelligent being cannot blame us for questioning its existence. Nobody knows, nobody can know if any deity is watching over us. Amen. What?  What have we told you about making up angel stories?! Get down to the basement, all of you! It's time for the Punishment Room!  Now, did you see an angel?! No, you can't be certain of that! You might've seen one!  Are there such things as angels?! Good!  What is the meaning of life?! That's right!  What business is that of yours?! If we want to serve agnostic beverages in this house, then by Goddish we'll do it! The children you've sent here are undisciplined and talking about the certainty of angels!  What the? Who did this? Almost like some kind of... agnostic angel.  There's nothing in there but Dr Pepper, right? There can't be.  How did that get here?!  It says it's a Pabst Blue Ribbon.  Shut your mouth, bitch! Fuck you, bitch! Wait a minute, I'm white trash and I'm in trouble?  I don't know... And he kicked the crap out of Jessica Pinkerton.  AAAAAAAH! No, I - no - I didn't see an angel. Maybe. It's impossible to knoooow!  We don't know... We can't possibly know...  I don't know. Where did he take you after he saved you, Karen? You are going to be okay, Karen! You have to keep believing that!  Sometimes, people do stupid things. Sometimes they don't realize what should have come first. Until it's too late. You are not alone. No matter where you go, no matter what you do, I will always be here! Do you understand? Don't try, Karen. Do.  How about you find another little girl to pick on?  Police man.  Better call the lieutenant. Looks like we've got another meth lab in town. Got any needles on you? Any crack pipes? Then why is there a meth lab in your backyard? When will you people learn to lay off the Pabst Blue Ribbon? Now look at the camera and say "I'm white trash and I'm in trouble." Hawaii? Your foster home is here, pretty much the exact opposite of Hawaii. Hello Eric, your room is upstairs on the left. Are you hungry? You can call me Mom if you like. My name. Is not. Meom!  Stop it, children! We do not speak such certainties in this house! Who could that be?  Yes, yes, we have that. What is that?  It was like a... little mystery person... flying around. Ohhh... What is it?  You shut your mouth, you filth-fucking asshole! I'm white trash and I'm in trouble! Eric, at Greeley Elementary we do not tolerate students making fun of other students.  A twenty-minute song and dance number with forty seven "Yo momma so poor" jokes directed at Jacob Hallery, which ended in a finale with fireworks. Your case worker has been notified, and he is not happy.  What the hell does this have to do with anything?! I know this is a difficult adjustment for you, Eric! But you can't just turn all your frustrations on a little kid who can't defend himself! I mean, what do you think this is?! The shower room at Penn State?! I'm kidding. We like to have fun in our department, so I was like, I was like, "What? Is this like the shower room at Penn State?!" I joke around. This is my head shot.  Principal, you've gotta send help to the playground! They're about to beat up that new kid! Aww, look at the new kid and her wittle dolly. You gonna cry some more in class, wimp?! Shut up! You foster twerps are all the same! Come on! Hand over the doll!  Who the hell is this?! Mind your business, Peter Pan!  L-leave her alone. Except for Karen's guardian angel. But we SAW him. He leaped down from the sky. You have the right to remain silent. Now look at the camera and say "I'm white trash and I'm in trouble." Get in the car, you! A false police report can carry up to a two-month prison term, son. We can do this the easy way, or we can do it hard! Then we'll add another charge for resisting! 