 Guess what? I've become a man! I started puberty, you guys!  Yes! I really did. Well, because yesterday I got my period.  My ''period'', you guys. You see, there comes a time in every child's life when they grow up and nature takes its course by having you bleed out your ass for a few days every month. Well guys, I'm afraid I won't be able to hang out with you on New Year's Eve. I have to hang out with the older crowd because now, I'm ma-ture.  Hold your horses, guys. This is very important for mature people.  Oh, this one's got wings, you guys!  You did? Well welcome to the club, Kenny. You got your period, so now you're a man. We can hang out together on New Year's Eve.  But first you need to buy some Maxi pads to stuff in the back of your pants so you don't get blood on your underwear. Look, Kenny and I are mature now. We can't spend New Year's Eve with a couple of kids. Did you get your Maxi pads, Kenny? Tampon? What's a tampon? Ew, doesn't that hurt? Wow, cool! All right! You have to be in me and Kenny's club, then. My mom gave me this "Women Who Run With The Wolves" book and I'm finding out all about our goddess powers. Yeah! Come on, we can set everything up in my clubhouse and get ready for New Year's Eve!   Okay, is everyone accounted for? Goddess Wind? Goddess Moon? Goddess Moon?! And I'm here, Goddess Earthly Delight. So this is the first meeting of our club for teens who have gotten their periods. We're supposed to talk about our periods. And boys. Let's talk about boys first. I think Craig is pretty cool, but I don't think Clyde is very cool. Okay, that settles that. Now let's talk about our periods. Kyle, you first. What's the matter, Kyle? ...Okay, that makes sense. Mine is going swimmingly, too. Now, for our first club activity, we're supposed to reach into this little dish and pull out a word. We look at the word and think about what that word means to us.  Oh, look. It's that little boy who hasn't gotten his period yet. Yeah, you shouldn't force your period, Stan. You should let it come, like the morning dew. Well, we're going with our families to Las Vegas. I guess there'll be some younger kids there, too, if you wanna go. Now, the word is "spirituality." I believe that the goddess in me is my spirituality because she- Quiet, Kenny. The goddess lives in all of us and has- Goddammit, Kenny, shut the hell up!  Wow, Stan, you really got some nice titties there. Buh- Don't worry. You'll get it someday. Come on, Kyle. Let's go see what kind of tampons they have here in Las Vegas.  