Uh-mmm, um what are you people doing?  Uuh-huh? So, what happens at the millennium? Oh. Well. Yea. Believe in me and ye shall find peace. Well, what do ya want? Oh. Uuuh, let me think about that for a minute.   Father, everyone is starting to pay attention to me again because of the new millennium. Huh-I'm kinda making a comeback! It's the millennium, Father. People want to see you. But dad, I think this may be my one big shot at a comeback. Just make an appearance. You can come down, say 'hi' to a few people and can be back by 12:30. Are you there, God? It's me, Jesus. I feel like I've got a real shot at a comeback, God. For whatever reason, people are starting to follow me again. I'm 2000 years old, but I feel like I'm 28 again! I think I'm going to win everybody back, because I just made a few phone calls, and I'm going to put on the most amazing New Year's spectacle this world has ever seen!  Hoh, I'm excited too. I think it will bring my Father's children back to their faith and back to mine eyes, for I an the Lamb of God.  Hey, Rod, great to see you. Uh, the folks are sure glad you're playing. It's really given them a lot of faith in me again. I'm sure that together, we can make this millennium party the best New Year's bash ever! What? Poo pants? Uh, you pooped your pants? Oh Uh-n nurse? Mr. Stewart has apparently pooped his pants?  What??  ...Hello? Alright, people. Are we ready to rock the millennium?!  Father in heaven, please let tonight's show go well. ''Please'' make them like it. Well, I tell you one thing. ''I'' sure as heck am excited. We've got about four hours to the new year, and so I think it's time to START IT UP! Ladies and gentlemen, as promised, Mr. Rod "Do You Think I'm Sexy?" Stewart!  Oh no.  Please, Father. Do something.  Uh, folks, I'm afraid God can't make it tonight. Huh? He doesn't hate you, he hates me. He's gonna let me be crucified again. Well, yeah, but just because God doesn't answer your prayers doesn't mean he doesn't care about you. Well, God can't just answer every prayer and suddenly give you everything you want. That takes all the living out of life. If God answered all our prayers, there'd be nothing left for us to do ourselves. Life is about problems, and overcoming those problems.  That's why he wouldn't show up to my New Year's party. I get it now, Father. I had to learn all this on my own.   It's Dad. Father. You came. Yea, 'tis my Father, the Creator. He is the Alpha and the Omega.  The Beginning and the End. 