Dude, what are we gonna do for New Year's Eve? It has to be awesome. No you didn't! How do you know? You're making that up!  Miss Aliton, what's it mean to get a period? Please, it's important. Dude, Cartman ''can't'' hit puberty before us. Hello? No, there's no blood coming out of ''my'' ass. Well, if Cartman is the only one who get it and he thinks he's too grown-up to hang out with us on New Year's Eve, then screw him anyways. Come on, Cartman, we have to make plans for New Year's. So you guys aren't gonna spend New Year's Eve with us?  You did? Are you there, God? It's me, Stan. If you wouldn't mind, I don't wanna be the only kid who doesn't get his period before the new year. Could you speed up my development a little? Thanks, God. Your friend, Stan  Dammit! Dammit dammit dammit!  I'm not bleeding out my aahass! No it's not! It's terrible!  Are you there, God? It's me, Stan. How come you didn't help me? I know you're really busy with things, but this is a matter of life and death. If I don't get my period, my friends won't let me hang out with them on New Year's Eve. Please, please give me my period soon.  Hey, Chef. Bad. Can I come in? Chef, I have ...this friend, see? And this person is really bummed out, because everyone else the same age has gotten their period, and this person hasn't. No. Look, it doesn't matter who it is. The point is that everyone else got their period and this person hasn't. Yeah, Cartman told us. Okay.  ...So what you're saying is, this person shouldn't be bummed because everybody has their period at a different time. But it's not fair! It's not fair that one day you're on top, that you're the coolest kid in town, and then the next day you're at the bottom again, 'cause everyone has blood coming out their ass but you, and if I can't menstruate, then by God, I'm not gonna sit around and be the only periodless 8-year-old boy! I'm gonna do something about it!  But what happens if there's someone who never went through puberty. Nn-nobody! I mean, uh, well, m-my dad. No. And uh, that's why he sent me here; 'cause he's too embarrassed to come himself. So do you know anything that can help him? Hormones?  Thanks a lot, Dr. Mephesto. You're the best!    Don't you worry about that! I've started taking hormones! Yeah, they make you have your puberty quicker. And I'm just here to tell you that my puberty is gonna be bigger than any of you guys's! So what are we gonna do for New Year's?  Who-o-oa, du-ude. I've got boobs.  Have I missed anything? No. I didn't, but-  Jesus, why does God hate me? He hates me more. He doesn't answer my prayers. I prayed to him every day and he never answered me. Well then, why didn't he give me what I wanted? What do you mean? I just wanted my period. I have it. I have the question.  <poem><i>Let's have a cup o</i></poem>-Aaaa!  