 Yeah, they haven't worked out the audio yet, but I-  But I'm sure they will soon.  Butters, no! Are you crazy?! What did I tell you about removing the headset when you're not back in the access hub?? You forgot your neurons would be torn apart?! Did you also forget that if you die in virtual reality you die in real life, Butters?! You need to find your way back to my room. Can you do that?? You only have eight minutes before the battery protocol dies, Butters. You have to hurry! Alright Butters, sit down at the computer.  Now drop the suppornity window! We're just gonna make it! Welcome back, dude. How do you feel? Do you feel okay? And then, and then he, he took off the shop goggles, and he was all like, "Whoa, I'm back."  Damn it if it's not the awesomest thing ever! Come on, guys! This is the ''cure de gars'' of Butters' torture! Thank you, Kyle. Dude, Butters is an asshole, and he deserves to be taken down once in a while, okay?! Yeah, I just told her I was running late and that it won't happen again. Right Butters.  These guys are so dumb, huh? See? He's an asshole. Fuck him. Each time you go into the virtual world it becomes more and more dangerous. Are you absolutely sure you want to do this, Butters? Even 10% is good enough. Here you go.   Edifice framework is online. Vital signs appear to be normal. Interim status?  All right, Butters. Behind you you should see the door. Go through it and head outside. Everything looks good, Butters. You're doing great. Let's get to work. You're doing great. Almost done with this level Butters. Just make sure you clear the driveway and uh walkway of all the virtual snow. Okay, nice, Butters. Uhhm, now go to the front door and ring the doorbell. This is the part where you collect the money. Just take the money, Butters!  You got the money?  Okay great, Butters. Now get back to the access point. Yeah, Butters, the discrepancy bars are oscillating. You need to uh, come back.  Alright, Butters, you should be heading back to the access point now. You're going off grid.  Uh, Butters, uhh, get back to the access point now. Butters, it's, uhh, time to stop. Get back to my place. Oh shit!  Butters! Butters, where are you now? Okay Butters, let's call it good, okay? Wait, hang on Butters! Butters get back to my room! The veracrosses are destablilzing! Butters?? Butters??  Butters.  Are you okay? I'm ''not'' here, Butters. This is going to be hard to understand, Butters,  is real. Yeahuh huh. I told you never to take the headset off outside the access point, didn't I?! We're actually both in my house right now. You're wearing the headset and I'm talking to you as a computer program. That's why I can... manipulate reality.  You see, in this world, things aren't... what they seam.  Listen to me carefully, Butters. The Oculus Compromise has been streamlined. You can't trust anyone in this reality. Say nothing to no one about the Oculus Rift. If you think they know, they will kill you.  Butters. I'm gonna get you back to reality, Butters. But you have to give me time! I've gotta go. The Orion parameters are embellishing. Just stay quiet!  I'm happy that I totally got away with it.  What's a 911 area code? Hello? With what?  Fuck you! Uh huh. 'Cause I thought I was messing with Butters, but I'm actually the one trapped in virtual reality. Guys, tell him you're not computer programs.  Kyle, just- don't be a dick right now. Do you really think I'm that stupid?! That I believe all of this all along has been me living out some kind of virtual reality fantasy? Fuck you!  Are you fucking with me?! Butters, I'm seriously! Are you fucking with me?! Because if you are, it's not cool! Butters, I talked to Oculus Customer Service, and they said I'm the one who's wearing a headset and has forgotten he's in virtual reality! Oh it's a relief, huh?! Well guess what, Butters! If I'm the one trapped in virtual reality, that means you're nothing but a computer program! That's right! THAT'S RIGHT! And you'd better stop messin' around, Butters, so I can help you out of this! Because you know how I said if you die in virtual reality you die in real life? Well if you get grounded in virtual reality, you get grounded in real life too... FOREVER!  It's okay. Everything is cool. Don't let anyone mess with your head, and it's all going to be fine. You're cool, Eric. You're cool.  I know. Let's go to the backyard.  Okay Kyle. Mmm. And why do you know that, Kyle?  Mmmhmm. And why did the guys send you, Kyle? Kyle, I want you to brace yourself. This is going to be extremely hard to believe, but you are the one that has been in a coma with a VR headset on. I know it's hard to grasp, Kyle, but I was the one sent by customer service to try and convince you that none of what you've seen is real. You bought the Oculus Rift headset, Kyle. Calm down. In virtual reality, yes you did. You've been in a virtual space all along, Kyle! Think about it: we're arch-rivals! Why would the guys send you in to convince me of anything?!  Fuck! Or if I did? What?  Hello? Dude. NOW this is getting weird!  No, you guys. This is virtual reality. Because... I'm a computer program. I'm telling you guys, I swear, you have to believe me, I am a computer program. I'm not real. I'm not lying. Go ahead and ask Customer Service. You guys!  I have accepted the reality that I am just a computer program. The fact is that one of us right now is in a room wearing a VR helmet seeing all this, and it's not me! Alright, Stan, just sit down at the computer.  