Hello, Eric. My name is Steve from Oculus Customer Service. There seems to be an error with our virtual headsets, and on behalf of the company, I would like to apologize and try to help. This is going to be very jarring for you, but, there has been a malfunction with the headset you ordered from us. Right now, you're actually in your room at your computer wearing an Oculus headset, but, you're in a coma-like trance, my friend. I understand your shock, my friend, but you have simply been in the virtual world so long you have forgotten. The people you are talking to are just computer programs, my friend. I know this is very hard for you, but we don't have a lot of time. Yes, no, sorry, but because you bought two business-class tickets I can NOT refund the fares.  El Pollo Loco Customer Service, this is Steve. Oh, yes, ah, yes my friend.  Oculus Customer Service, this is Steve. Ohh yehhs, yes. What is your name please? Kyle. I need to advise you that this call may be recorded to help with better customer service in the future. Is that agreeable to you? He doesn't care! I can continue! All right, listen very carefully my friend. The headsets we sold you are having some minor problems. Yes. And that is why we are trying to locate all the headsets and do a recall. Do you understand? It is a Total Recall. All right, did I take care of all your customer needs in a timely and satisfactory fashion today? But the customer service - was that reliable? And did I accurately and politely respond to your concerns? Uhhh let's see, ah, it looks like... one of you is going to have to put on the Oculus headset and go into the virtual world and convince your friend to get to an access point. Could you try that, my friend?  Best Buy Customer Service, this is Steve. Yes, hello. This call may be recorded to ensure good customer service in the future. Ohhh yes yes yes! That I ''can'' answer! His name was... But-ters! Have I answered all your questions in a satisfying and courteous manner? Hello? My friend? My friend, I believe we are having some technical issues with our phone line. Please hang on, I'm going to call Customer Service. Hello, Customer Service, this is Steve. Hello, this is Steve with Customer Service. Uhhh, nononono my friend. I am Steve with Customer Service. Listen, my friend. This is gong to be very hard to comprehend, but none of what you are seeing is real. ...Ohhh, nohhh, nonononononono. My friend, my friend, a customer who is in virtual reality called Customer Service, and it has created a customer feedback loop. Okay? Here in India we call it a customer feedback vindaloop.  Ohhh, fuck you! Nononononono, do not fuck me, because I am you and then we will just be fucking ourselves. Now, have I provided answers to your questions in a courteous and prompt fashion? What do you mean have you answered all my questions?! NO! You have not answered ANY questions at ALL! Nonononono no, listen, listen: if I didn't answer your questions, then we have given bad customer service! But you didn't answer any of my questions! Well what is more important, my friend? The result, or good customer service? Hello, hello my friend, are you still there? Listen carefully, my friend. You are stuck in a paradox. It turns out there are three things you cannot do in virtual reality. You cannot die, you cannot get grounded, and you cannot call Customer Service. This is why you are having problems. That does not matter! There is only one thing that matters! Have I answered your questions satisfactorily and offered GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE?! That's the paradox! Please my friend, please! I am not real! You are not real! Have I answered your questions and provided good customer service?! This call may be recorded!  