Hey Stan, where'd you get that black eye? Your sister beat you up again, huh? Eheh, you know, heh, your sister kicked your ass. I would never let a woman kick my ass. If she tried anything, I'd be like, "hey, you get your bitch ass back in the kitchen, and make me some pie!" Be a man Stan. Just say, "Hey woman, ye-you shut your mouth and make babies." That's why my mom got me a pot-bellied pig. Cause its poop is small.  If a woman ever gave me crap, I'd say, "Hey, you go do my laundry and-"  Yes ma'am. Ehh, you leave Fluffy out of this! You're not using any of Fluffy's blood, or else I'll kick you in the nuts. Kyle, Kyle no! Nobody's splicin' nothing from Fluffy! Yeah, if some sissy chick tried to kick my ass, I'd be all like, "Hey, listen, missy, eh, yewhy don't you go knit me sweater before I slap you in the face!"  Well, looks like nobody's home. Guess we should come back some other time. It's okay Fluffy, I won't let them hurt you. Baby?! Well, at least I don't get my ass kicked by a girl! Hey! I'm taking my pig and...Screw you guys! I'm going home! This whole idea's stupid anyway. Hey! Why don't you go back to San Francisco with the rest of the Jews?! I'll kick you in the nuts! Eh, it's okay Fluffy, nobody's going to hurt you. Heyyy, these bunny ears are tied on with little strings. You can keep your hands off of Fluffy's ass! Come on Fluffy! UUuuhh. I sure am hungry. Go away, Pip! Nobody likes you! God Damnit, would you shut the hell up?! Nobody gives a rat's ass. Gah, French people piss me off. Ugh!... Hey! I'll kick your ass! Whaaat?! I don't think my pig would want to make love to that stupid elephant. Why? Is your sister gonna kick your ass again? Yeah, if some girl tried to kick my ass, I'd be like, "hey, why don't you stop dressin' me up like a mailman, annnd making me dance for you while you go and smoke crack in your bedroom and have sex with some guy I don't even know, on my dad's bed!" I'm just saying you're just a little wuss, that's all. No, you don't gotta get Cartman's pig! You leave Fluffy out of this! Kyle no, seriously. No fuckin' elephant is going to make love to my Fluffy, I... Kyle, I will kick you in the nnnnuts. Fluffy! Well, good job Einstein, why don't we just build a rocket in the meantime? Hey! I ain't helpin' crap! I want to eat some paeh. Oh yeah, watch me.  Hey, it kind of looks like Mr. Garrison. That'll do pig. 