Yeah, but that sucks, to get your butt kicked by a girl, Stan. You mean this one? He's my new pet elephant. I got it mail ordered from Africa. The ad said it would take 4 to 6 weeks, but it only took three. No it's not cool! My mom won't let me keep him in the house. She says he's too big, and that his poop is bigger than our couch. Uh, oh, this, this is, the new retarded kid. Boy, it looks like you're not welcome anywhere elephant. See ya. Mr. Garrison? With genetic engineering, can you make an elephant smaller? That's it. I'm going to combine my elephant with a pot-bellied pig and make...pot-bellied elephants. They'd be smart like elephants, but small like pigs. Shut up Terrance, we can geneti-cal engineer anything we want. I'll bet you can't. Genetic Engineering Ranch! Sweet! We can use Cartman's pig. We're not gonna hurt her, we just need some of her blood. Ready to go Stan? To the Genetical Engineering Ranch. We got Cartman's pig so we can splice its genes with my elephant's. Why's your sister so mean to you dude? This must be it. No, Cartman, we're going in there and splicing Fluffy and my elephant together. It's just a stupid pig. What the hell would you know you fat sweaty mongoloid, you never get higher than a 'D'! There's no Jews in San Francisco, you retard! Uh... yeah... we want to crossbreed an elephant with a pig. No, no, no. We want to make little pot-bellied elephants that people can keep in their houses as pets. How does that make the world better? Well, what about our pot-bellied elephant? Which song is that? Wait, what are you taking Stan's blood for? Watch out Stan! Genetic engineers are crazy. No! We're already halfway done. It's more than you've got! Oh my God! They cloned a foot. Hey Chef. We need to genetically engineer our pig and an elephant, but their genes won't splice. I told you guys. You hear that dudes? We'll be rich! We've got work to do Stan, I think it takes a while for an elephant to get drunk. Yeah Stan, she's just a girl. Stan, you can use family love as a weapon against Shelly. The next time she's gonna kick your ass, just tell her, "Shelly, you're my sister, and I love you." Try it. We'll see you in a while, we got to go get Cartman's pig. Come on Kenny. Come on elephant, keep drinking. Dammit! This is never gonna work. Rotten, they're both really drunk, but the won't have sex. Hey look! It's working. Aah! Aren't they ever gonna wake up? I thought you said the wonder of Mother Nature was a beautiful thing. Hey, how do we know if she's pregnant? Couple of days? But Terrance is going to have his human clone by tomorrow. Is he bigger than a regular clone? How big do you think he is? Come on Stan, don't you even know where you would go? Come on, let's go! Wait, Stan, there he goes. He recognizes you dude. What should we do with him? Oh my God, they killed Kenny! You bastards! Yeah Stan, we have to go find out if Cartman's pig is pregnant or not. See ya.  Well, our pig hasn't given birth yet, but she should anytime now. Does it look like a pig, or an elephant? 