Brilliant idea, huge elephant-sized pigs. Ohh, that's an even better idea. Come on in. I'm so pleased that you children are interested in genetic engineering. It's thanks to the wonders of genetic engineering that soon there will be an end to hunger, disease, pollution, even war. I have created things that will change the world for the better. For instance, here is a monkey with four asses. And here, of course, is my four assed ostrich. And my four assed mongoose. Oh, uh, I suppose so uh. Oh yes, over here. Here I have rats splice with ducks, and gorillas spliced with mosquitos, and here I have rabbits spliced with fish to make little bunnyfish. And over here, Swiss cheese spliced with chalk, and a beard. Oh. Well I'm sorry children, but, pig and elephant DNA just won't splice. Haven't you ever heard that song by 'Loverboy'? You know, it's amazing what we can do with a little blood sample these days. Hmm? What? Oh, excuse me. Oh, pardon me, I tripped. Could I have some hair please? Beautiful, it's absolutely beautiful. My son, I think we've finally done it. How luscious. Our creature has come to fruition, boys. Oh my God! He only has one ass. He's of no use to me, I'll have to burn the room. Oh no, this entire experiment is turning out very bad. Eeegads, he's out of control. We'll have to destroy him. He's too dangerous son. Son, no. Oh son, you've made a horrible mistake. You've put all the people of South Park in jeopardy. Oh thank Buddha I found you boys. You must tell me, have you seen anything odd lately? No, no, I said odd. Sir, if making mutant animals spliced with humans is crazy... then... uhhhhh... hmmm... oh, nevermind. I'm afraid there's been a bit of an incident at the ranch. You see, I've created a large mutant clone of that little boy there, and he's broken free. He's terribly dangerous. His brain is identical to yours. I need you to help me find him. Boys! Boys, I'm lusciously sorry for everything. No son, this beast is a disgrace to genetic engineers everywhere. Boys, I'm sorry I've caused you such - inconvenience. I tried to play God, and I failed. All I ever wanted was to genetically engineer something useful, but I failed. Perhaps we shouldn't be toying with God's creations. Perhaps we should just leave nature alone, to its simple one assed schematics. 