Wow, that's so cool. And so then Passover lasts seven days? Interesting, and why is it called Passover again?  So interesting, wow.  Oh, hey, Kyle. Well, I better be going. Thanks so much Ms. Broflovski, I learned a ton. Isn't it possible I just want to learn more about the Jewish faith? Alright, Kyle, listen.  Legends tell of a horrific four legged creature from Mexico that sucks the blood of goats, and it might have just spotted in South Park. All I can promise you is that this is going to be the most memorable Passover ever.   Yeah, yeah, it should be a real blast, heh. I just hope Jewpacabra doesn't show up, that's all. Jewpaca- look, it's nothing. Forget I said anything. Okay, look: A lot of people claim that on Passover, a blood sucking creature called the Jewpacabra comes out and preys on children. This year passover happens to be the same week as Easter. It's just a legend, alright?! But people all over town have started reported strange things. Knocked over trash cans, weird howls...  Yeah-uh, Tolkien! Don't think it won't come after you just because you're black!  Alright, alright, stay back. Stay back! It definitely looks like a Jewpacabra attack, but it's hard to tell. Alright guys, we're gonna need some video cameras. We gotta go out at night and try to get proof of this thing. I'm trying to protect people. And why are you so quick to try and cover up Jewpacabra's existence? Well, neither is Bigfoot, Kyle, but there are a lot of people who say they have spotted a Sasquatch.  Butters. Come on, Butters, you and me are gonna try to catch Jewpacabra on camera. Butters, do you know how many times Jewpacabra has been shot on video? Zee-ro!  I can't do this alone, please. Help me prove to the rest of the world Jewpacabra is real. Look at these dense trees and brush. Oh yeah, this is exactly the kind of forest Jewpacabra likes to hide in. Pretty sure Jewpacabra was here. You can't scare a Jewpacabra, Butters. Don't forget we're dealing with a creature that drinks blood, hides in the night ''and'' has absolutely no belief in the divinity of Christ.  He's here somewhere. JESUS IS A LIE! Shh! Help me call it out, Butters. Butters, do you wanna catch Jewpacabra on camera or not?!  THERE IS NO CHRIST! No way Jesus was son of God, huh, Butters? Sh! You hear that? I didn't think you would believe me. And that why last night I took it upon myself to go out and try to capture it on video.  Jewpacabra. There's a Jewpacabra in South Park. God help us. It was no dog. I was there, I'm telling you this thing had no idea that Jesus Christ had died for our sins. I can try to catch it, but I'm going to need all the resources you've got. If this thing isn't contained, your Easter Egg hunt is going to be a bloodbath.  We need to get to the city of Nassau in the Bahamas, here.  That's right. There's a resort near there called 'The Atlantis Hotel and Casino'. They have a water slide there that goes through a shark tank. Weeeeeee! Oh yes! Oolll! Check it out! Heheyeahehe!  Now we head back to Colorado, here.  We need to get my video of the Jewpacabra into the hands of professionals who can analyze it. People thought Atlantis was a myth, Kyle, but I was just there. I've explored the depths of Atlantis, and now I'm about to prove a new species exists. I'm a little James Cameron. These are professional people who go around tracking Sasquatches, Kyle! They aren't liars, and they aren't stupid! I've already done my research boys. What you're looking at there is a Jewpacabra. It's like a Sasquatch, only more elusive, more ferocious and a little more greedy. Well, I guess that's it. You're going to have to only allow me into the Easter Egg hunt, sir. I'm the only one qualified. Heh. What do you mean?  Well, I mean it could have just been a dog? Well, come on guys, it's probably a Jewpacabra but this isn't definitive. Why? There's... no way. No way Jewpacabra is real.  I mean, it's impossible that something I made up could turn out to actually exist, huh, Kyle? Okay, okay. Even if there was a Jewpacabra, it wouldn't know I was the one who got video of it, huh? How could it know that? It couldn't know that, right? Kyle?   Guys?! Well, check everywhere! I'm not paying you guys each twenty bucks to scratch your buttholes!  You guys?! GUYS! It's trying to get in! Where the hell are you guys? Wingstreet?! Dude, I want wings!  Oh Jesus, it's only you! HUH?! Get me outta here! PLEASE! HEELP! OH GOD, IT'S GONNA KILL ME!  What the-? This isn't safe or fun! NO! COME BACK! Come back please, this isn't right!  I know what you're thinking, Kyle. That, like, this is some kind of fitting comeuppance. Oh, of course I was lying, Kyle. There's no Jewpacabra. Now, please, Kyle, it's Easter Eve! And if Jewpacabra smells this blood, I am in a heap of trouble!  Oh God, I am in a heap of trouble. It's so cool that even though I'm Christian I celebrate Passover too! Yup. I think both holidays are awesome.  Bobo?! Bobo, no!   Ugh... what... where... Ugh... what?  What's going on? It's raining frogggggsss!  Kyle! Kyle, my Hebrew friend! Did you see that it's raining frogs? So God makes it rain frogs? That just seems kind of mean to frogs, Kyle. Wha- Okay, look, I'll talk to the Pharaoh and see if he'll change his mind. What does that mean? Well that doesn't seem very fair, Kyle. I mean, if God is going to make Pharaoh say no, then why would he punish him for saying no? You're wrong, Kyle! God is not a dick!  Daaad, when's it gonna stop raining frogs? But my friend Kyle, he says that the reason we've had all these plagues and stuff because you won't let all the Jews leave. Wow, that makes sense. Don't think anyone can deny that.  But dad, my friend Kyle says that if we don't do whatever the Hebrews want us to do, God is gonna kill little Egyptian boys. I love you, dad. <poem><i>And our love grows</i></poem> No, Kyle! I don't believe you! Noooo!  Noooooo!  Noooo!  No! The bread's all flat! No!  We were wrong! I'm sorry God I'll be Jewish I promise! Please don't kill me! Don't kill me! Doooo...!   No! No! The bread is all flat! No!  Listen everybody, last night I almost died. But then a Passover miracle happened. The Jewpacabra passed me over, and by the power of Jehovah, I somehow woke up safely in my bed. I learned a big lesson. It's wrong, guys. Christ didn't die for our sins and God is angry. It's time for us all to stop this Easter ridiculousness, accept Jehovah as our God and deny Christ. Hey guys, listen!  I finally know how you feel, Kyle. Knowing your religion is right but being laughed at by everyone else. It's so hard for us Jews. But I guess we just have to let stupid people believe what they are gonna believe. I-I know what you're thinking Kyle. But I really do believe in Judaism now. I'm not lying. Kewl, thanks Kyle. Oh, and Kyle, happy Passover. 