 Hey, fellas. How are things... going with your new best friend? Well ah, that's good. Good luck being their new friend, Tweek. I hope you'll do better than me. Well, see ya fellas.   Ah, my faithful companion in world destruction, General Disarray. Excellent, General Disarray! Now we can begin my most horrible evil plan yet to wreak havoc on humanity.  Simple, my dear general.  We are going to block out the sun! Oh yes! I have plotted for weeks, and figured that if we build a huge ...wooden shade eighty feet high, a-and fifty feet wide , precisely on this hill, South Park ...will forever be cast in a great shadow. Soon, all people will have to live like moles! They will love only to remember with sorrow how great the sun used to be!   Huh? He did? Hawww, heck. I thought I was bein' original. Aww, I don't wanna do it now  Uh Goddamnit, how come every time I think of something clever, the Simpsons already did it? General Disarray, are your parents home? Ah, I've done it, General Disarray. I've completed my most horrible deed to date. You know that big statue in the town square of pioneer John Wesley Powell? I snuck over there with a hacksaw and uh, and I cut off his head!  Hahahahaa, yeah! Hahaha, and they're probably just realizing that now! Quick! We must turn on the news!  Look! Look! I've made the news! I-I've wreaked havoc! I finally made the world sorry! I've brought sadness, a-and chaos! Oh. Uh-m, son of a bitch. Well why didn't you tell me the Simpsons already did that?  Stupid Simpsons... Wokay, how about this, Dougie?  No? Wokay , then I'm goin' to start a Web site to spread vicious ru-rumors about everyone in town! And and then I'll take their-  I'll bury a skeleton wearing angel wings so that the townspeople will think a fallen angel has fallen- Bring the World Cup to South Park so the... a huge soccer riot can destroy the-  Take all the beer cans in South Park and have them shaken up in a huge mixer at the paint store so that-  Dwaah!! I've done it, General Disarray. I've watched all one hundred and thirty-two episodes of the Simpsons, twice. And I've finally come up with something... tha they have never done! Uh, behold!  You've never ...seen this on the Simpsons, right? Good! Then l-let us take my machine outside and make society finally pay for sh-shunning us! Nnno , uh no, no, it can't be. No! No!  Aaaaah! Oh sweet Jesus! Aaah! Ah, Ah, Aaah! Nooo! Nooo! Waaaah!     Haaa! Cartman?  Aha! Ahaha! Ahahahaha! They did that on the Simpsons! Ha! Treehouse of Horror! Episode 4F02! The Genesis tub. Lisa loses a tooth, and the bacteria on it starts to grow, and makes a little society, and they build a statue of her thinking she's God! Ha! Hahaha! Really? So I shouldn't care if I come up with an idea, and the Simpsons already did it. It... uh...doesn't... matter.  Everything is back to normal, a, I think... I think I can go back to tryin' to destroy the world again.  