 Everything's gonna be okay, you guys! Life isn't so crappy after all! No! I was looking in this magazine, and I found an ad for little ocean creatures that you can buy and raise in your room! Look!  Sea people. You keep them under a big tank of water and they like, build castles and play basketball and stuff. Yeah! And look! They ride around on turtles and they play games with fish.  Now, what we need is to all chip in four dollars, and we can have them here tomorrow! If Nancy doesn't want to chip in, then it will be $5.35 per person! Sea people... coming in the mail tomorrow...  Yesss... Yeesss... Woowww. Only three more hours, sea people.  Okay. I've added the water purifier tablet to the Sea People Kingdom tank. Now it says  Okay, let's just run through this one more time: when the sea people arrive I will welcome them to South Park as Ambassador of Earth. Tweek, you give them the key to the city, and we'll all engage them in simple conversation. We've gotta make sea people feel comfortable, okay? Ready?  What the fuck is this?!  I got RIPPED OFF!   They were supposed to take me away to their underwater kingdom. They were supposed to take me on adventures of the deep.  Who cares?! Throw 'em away!!  Heheh, okay, okay. Alright, listen to me! We must take a strict vow of silence!  Shh! Tweek, shut the hell up! Tweek! Where are you going? In fact, that makes you the most responsible. Tweek, you might have to take the fall on this one. We've only got one option, you guys. We're gonna have to go to that hospital where they're doing the autopsy and get our seamen back ourselves. Alright, everyone scatter and look for the seamen. Tweek, stay by the door and keep a look out. If you see anybody coming, say the code word: Hammertime.  Just remember the song "Can't Touch This" and you'll remember the code word! Is it her? Just reach in there and get the seamen out of her stomach!  Hemmm... No, just a bunch of goo. There. We just put the sea people back in the tank with the others, and nobody will ever know.   It's alright, Chef! We got our sea people out of the teacher's stomach and we put them back in their aquarium! Well if they found somebody else's sea ''men'' in her stomach, maybe they'll find our sea people, too. G'night, guys.   You won't believe it! Those sea men from the teacher's stomach somehow combined with the remaining sea people we had left in the tank and, ah, well LOOK!  I've been up for hours doing some calculations, and I've come up with my final theory of composite dynamics.  Sea people plus sea men equals sea ciety. That's right, Tweek. And if my theory is correct, all we need to get is more of the two reacting agents, and we can ''really'' see them thrive. Tweek! You go and send away for more sea people from the magazine ad! Get at least five gallons of them here stat! Stan and Kyle, you go find a bigger fish tank to put them all in. Me?  I'm gonna go out on the town and find ten gallons of sea men. Yes, my mommy told me this is where I could find some sea men? Do you have them or not? What's your name? Frances, let's talk. I don't want a bunch of bullcrap from you and you don't a bunch of bullcrap from me, right? Where does that get us? Nowhere. The truth is, I'm completely certified to handle sea men, and though I may appear young, I'm one of the leading sea men authorities of the Midwest. Up and comer, you know what I'm saying? I'll have my own business soon and I'll need people to run it. I'm talkin' about you, Frances. And I'm talkin' about a six-figure income. How does that sound?   Takin' a look here.  Seems like quality stuff you got here, Frances. Yeah, good texture, nice consistency. Sea men must be alive and healthy in there. I'll take five. No, gallons. Dammit! Give me all you've got, then!   That should be enough water, Kyle. You got the new sea-people packets, Tweek? And I've got the sea men.  Yeah, I bought all that I could at this bank, and then I got the rest from this guy Ralph in an alley. Yeah, and the sweet thing is, this stupid asshole didn't even charge me money for it. He just made me close my eyes and suck it out of a hose. Heh.  Nothin' to do now but wait. Uh-huh, suck it out of a hose, yeah. Oh my God! The tiny underwater civilization has advanced hundreds of years.  Mo-o-om! I'm god of the sea people!  Behold! You all see my tiny minions groveling at my likeness! I am Eric Cartman, god. Be you not jealous, Jew. I am creator of all things, yea. I'm gonna send a message to my people and tell 'em to develop a great machine that will shrink me down to their size, so I can live amongst them forever. What the hell is wrong with you, Butters?  ...So? Dude, the Simpsons have done everything already. Who cares? Yeah, that's great Butters. Now get the hell out of my room. That is bullcrap! You'd better stop worshiping him, sea people!  Yeah! Go!  Oh God-damnit!  Oh no! Oh the humanity! Why can't societies just live in peace?}} 