Sweet dude! I've already got four days of detention. I don't want anymore. I'm gonna start following the rules.  Tom Brady. Deny and subvert. Everybody shoplifts. Why are you coming down on me? A perfect storm of hypocrisy that everyone in the country has to deal with for months on end.  You're right, guys. I'm gonna Tom Brady this thing! I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say "You're not giving me four day of detention! You're only giving me one!" NO! No, to hell with that! "You're giving me NO days detention! And then I'm gonna go home and fuck my hot wife! Who's not even that hot, and kinda looks like a dude!"   Oh, PC Principal, how are you today? You know, I think you and I got off on the wrong foot the other day. By all means, please, keep your dick out. You see, I'm not going to accept four days of detention and... you're going t'apologize publicly for being so strict to me and my friends at school. It's just a request, that's all. See you around.  Why, this is Butters' underwear. PC Principal, you have Butters' underwear and now...  This certainly doesn't look good for you. I don't need to tell anyone about this. No, I think we have an understanding. Capiche? You mean about keeping your dick out? Oh-kay. Look, you don't want to end up like the spokesman for Subway, so you? Okay, let's back up.  Aaah!  No, I'm sorry. I was just trying to frame you for raping Butters! Oh God!  We can't beat him, you guys. PC Principal is too strong. There's nothing left to do. I'm going to admit I did something wrong, take my punishment, and move on. I'm not Tom Brady. No way. Because PC Principal is right, Kyle. You and I are bigots, and it's time for us to grow up. If I can face my prejudice, why can't you? We're two privileged, straight white boys who have their laughs about things we never had to deal with.  No more fat-shaming, Kyle. Let's start a new chapter. No. I'm going to call you... my friend. I... guess we never realized how bad he really was. Ack! Butters! Oh Butters, I've lived such a horrible life! Always doing whatever I want and claiming it to be for integrity. BUTTERS? I'm never going back to the person I was. I swear to God. From now on the world is going to know a new and better Eric Cartman. OH. Eh, oh it's no use, Butters. I want to get out there and start making positive changes, but I... can barely even walk.  How is everybody doing? Who?  I don't have a choice. I have to take these PC people out. I do, but I have to help Kyle, even if I don't agree with his hateful, bigoted thoughts. Kyle's view may be warped. I personally think Caitlyn Jenner's a stunning hero,  but that doesn't mean I'll stand by while Kyle's intolerance is dealt with violently. We're going to war with these PC people once and for all! Butters, I'm going to need 200 pregnant Mexican women and some taco launchers. All right, send in the pregnant Mexican women!  Fire the taco launchers!   All right, good. The pregnant Mexican women are falling asleep on the tacos.  All right, the Syrian refugees are trying to protect their children! Gimme a- Oh fuck, there's Kyle.  What the fuck are you doing, Kyle? Yes. But at least we showed him that sometimes joking about un-PC things can actually be important, because it starts a dialogue.  What's wrong, Kyle? You have your cake. Eat it, too. Hmmm... And who does that remind you of, Kyle? Now if you don't mind, I'm gonna go home and fuck my hot wife. Who, kind of looks like, a dude.  