Alright, listen up. My name is PC Principal. I don't know about you, but frankly I'm sick and tired of how minority groups are marginalized in today's society. I'm here because this place is lost in a time warp! Students who still use the word "retarded"! A teacher who said women without wombs should get an AIDS test! A chef "person of color" who the children had sing soul songs and who the children drove to kill himself!  And that's two days' detention for you, young man! We'll see you at 4! Let me ask you this. We're in Colorado, right?! Where are the Hispanic kids?! Huh?! Where are the ethnic and racial minorities?!  And that's two days' detention for you, Mackey! Congratulations! I Googled South Park before I came here, and I cannot believe the shit you're getting away with! People claiming to be advocates of transgender rights, but really just wanting to use the women's bathroom!  A white man who thinks he's Chinese and built a wall to keep out Mongolians. What the fuck is this?! Are you fucking kidding me?! I'm telling you all, this is done! Like it or not, PC is back, and it's bigger than ever! Weoo-weoo-weoo You hear that?! That's the sound of 2015 pulling you over, people! Suck it!  Have a seat. I've been talking with your child, and we're gonna be giving him two weeks' detention. Your son said some things to a fourth-grade girl that frankly make me wanna puke! Now that I'm principal, I'm not gonna allow  anyone at this school to be made feel unsafe and harassed!  beautiful woman who had the exquisite bravery of a butterfly flying against the wind. And then this shit comes out of people's mouths! You got a fuckin' problem bro?! 'Cause it's not Bruce fuckin' Jenner! It's Caitlyn, and she's a fuckin' stunning woman! Or maybe you're the one teaching him to demean women in the first place! HUH?! What's up?! What's fuckin' up, bro? Get the fuck out of here, dude!   Hey! What seems to be the problem here, gentlemen?! I'm PC Principal. No way! There's more PC bros here? Sweet, bros. Texas A&M. Bro, I had no idea there were like-minded individuals in this town that defended social minorities. We should all hang out. What are you doing in the faculty bathroom? What the fuck are you talking about?  What? What did you just say? "Capiche"?! You're associating Italian-Americans to intimidation tactics?!  Did you just use a term that excludes women from an occupation?!    You dare to use words that alienate two communities of people who have to deal with verbal biases like yours on a daily basis?!  All right pledgies, we're excited. You wanna try and be PC. We hope you've got what it takes to join the most socially active group in America. You know, there's still some people out there that say "What does being PC really mean?" Well, I'll tell you what it means. It means you love nothin' more than beer, workin' out, and that feelin' you get when you rhetorically defend a marginalized community from systems of oppression. All right, pledges, listen up. Congratulations on making it to the final cuts.  Now it's time for the final test. So what you're gonna have to do, to prove you belong with PC, is go out there, and check someone's privilege. Topher, can you explain "check your privilege" please. Yeah, see, there's some people out there like Brett fucking Favre who think that when we all stand up and applaud Caitlyn Jenner at the ESPY Awards, he can get away with one of these bullshit claps!  It's called "clapping" Favre! What the fuck are you doing?! Washing your hands?! You're either on board, or you're NOT, bro! Now, if he's gonna bring shame on someone, then he can have his privilege checked and have a little shame brought down on him!  No. 'Cause there's somebody even worse now. I gotta hand it to you, Marsh. You really checked that little boy's privilege. Using those Syrian refugees was genius, bro. You're not only PC, you've actually changed my PC.  Congrats. Here's your Oakleys. 