Nono Dad, please. I just got ''Call Of Duty: Advanced Warfare''. Me and Ike are going to play it together. Please Dad, I've been looking forward to this all week. Aaand it's me and Ike's bonding time. Really. This is good for our relationship. Yes!  Heeey Ike! Look what I got.  The new ''Call Of Duty''! Do you wanna go downstairs and play? Meh? Ike, we have a whole day to play XBox! Mom and Dad are leaving!  Well what are you watching? You're watching someone play ''Call Of Duty'' and talk about it? Ike, we could go play the game downstairs. Isn't that better than watching some guy on YouTube playing it? Dude, I'm telling you. It's crazy. All my little brother wants to do is sit on YouTube watching this PewDiePie play video games. I swear, I don't understand kids these days. Google him. He's this guy from Sweden who has over 30 million YouTube subscribers. We didn't even know, but he's a bigger celebrity to kids than anyone. It just seems so lame. Because- because that's not even entertainment! I mean, it's just, just, rehashing shit, isn't it?? It's like everything these kids are into these days, you know, it's just... rehashed shit! All I wanted was to play one level of ''Call of Duty'' and you know what Ike told me? He said the living room was for old people. I know! But that doesn't matter any more! These kids don't wanna play the game, they just wanna watch people on YouTube play it. And you know why? Commentary. Yeah. You used to sit in the living room with family and friends to hear their commentary on things. Now you can get it with a little guy in a window on the screen. Someone who just comments on stuff. I mean, really? Who would even WANT to do that?!   Hey Ike, you wanna come watch TV with me? Oh no! No, Ike! You are not watching ''him'' comment on things!  What the fuck?! Ike, that is enough! If you're interested in ''Call of Duty'', go play it downstairs in the living room! What do you think you're doing?! You know what I mean! Why is my little brother watching you talking about us talking about him?! I don't need Ike listening to you comment on anything! This fat fuck thinks he's PewDiePie! Because of him I can't get Ike to come out of his room! "Let's Plays"? You're not gonna believe this. I wanted to get Ike out of his room, so I invited all his friends over for a slumber party to play ''Dragon Age: Inquisition''. Come on!  See? Look at this. Ike has all his friends over and they're just sitting around on their own computers barely talking to each other. Ike is watching PewDiePie play ''Dragon Age''. And this kid is watching Cartman commenting on people commenting on ''Dragon Age''. This is how they talk to us!  You'd better watch your mouth, kid! It's dying. The living room is... dying. I don't know what the hell to do. The whole world's gone crazy. You know, you used to sit in the living room with your friends and family, and THEY were the ones commenting on whatever was on TV.  Do you mind?! Dude! Nobody wants to hear you commenting on things!  What is happening to our living rooms? There is a crisis in America, and- It's Cartman's stupid online persona! There is a crisis in America! As families grow further and further apart- Mr. Garrison, will you make him stop! THIS is the reason why our living rooms are dying! 