Don't worry, Your Holiness. By the time we're done with that town there won't be a lick of cum anywhere. Scrub everything! Police can detect even a milligram of cum and rectal blood! Oh uh, hello my children. The Lord be with you. Oh, we're just giving the place a nice scrub down while we wait for your priest to come back. He was called to South America last week.  No he wasn't. Look, I assure you everything is fine. Your priest will be back. Just have some patience. Scrub everything. Bleach those board-game pieces. You find something on that chair? Well, just get rid of it. Bleach the entire top of the table. That's probably where he mounted them.  Oh. Hello, my son. What are we doing about what? Mmm mmm, that's not what's going on. Your local priest was never here, actually. Oh, you did!  We're just here to cleanse your spirit, my child. All right, clean and scrub everything. I want it spotless! Get any evidence the priest might have left behind. It's an 8-year-old's birthday party. Of course, it's cum. Get the Kumby!  Hello, young man. We're looking for your town priest. Was he here? Tell me about this Butters. Hey. Hey there. What's the matter, my child? Did you know that Jesus loves you? "And the life I now live in the flesh I live by faith in the Son of God, who loved me."  Want a Three Musketeers? You like camping trips? You wanna go camping? I got a bunny in the back. You wanna see the bunny? Any sign of him? All right, when the priest gets here, we'll take care of him and then eradicate this place of any evidence. No, this is gonna be a bigger job than that. Bring out... the Kumboni.  Try the priest call.  Oh he's coming all right. Just not here. Let's start packing up. You.  Get on the Kumboni and eradicate this place along with everything in it. You think we searched all over town and set up this trap to kill you? We're Catholics! We're here to give you what you deserve! A full transfer to the beautiful Maldive Islands. Luxury airfare and beach house included!  The Church took care of everything, just like it always has from the beginning. "Thank you for cleaning up all my cum." No one will make fun of you there. They can't even speak English. And don't worry, there'll be plenty of priests to take your place here. Look, I know it's a big change, but... you know what you have to do. Well, our work here is done! Praise be to Christ, guys. It certainly was a tough one, but I think we got everything cleaned up and-  Aaaaugh!  