For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son,  so that whoever believed in him should have eternal life. This is the Gospel of the Lord.  Today's gospel talks about what the Lord has to give us. He did so because we could not control our temptations. Uh Okay, okay, let's, let's try and have none of that today. In John 3:16, the Gospel tells us how God so loved the world he gave to us his only Son Okay, okay, Co-come on guys, Nu-now, what greater gift could the Lord has given to us? Okay, let's, let's try to compose ourselves. Let's try and just get through this first one, okay guys? What does it mean that the Lord gave us his only begotten Son? Oh, of course, my child. What's troubling you? Well, we can't all walk away. The-the priesthood is all I know. I, I dedicated my entire life to it. Ah I don't know anything else. Uh, hello, my children.  Praise the Lord, for the Lord is good. Sing praise to his name, for that is pleasant.  Uh, I shouldn't be here. I should go. This is just gonna make things way worse. People will rip on me. I do.  Why do you care?! I have to admit it's a pretty nice way to spend a Sunday. How many are your works, Lord? In wisdom you made them all. He is. Because he brought me you. For we are God's handiwork, created in Christ Jesus to do good works. Come on, Father. Let's go tear up the skating rink.  Uh-ah. Oh, Mother Mary. I feel like everyone's staring at me.  And now let us pray. Bless us, O Lord, and these thy gifts. which we are about to receive.  He caused the east wind to blow in the heavens... ...through Christ our Lord. Amen. All right, my child. Just leave me alone. Look, your friends are right, okay? I don't belong there. I, I don't belong anywhere.  Stop defending me! There are things you don't know! Yes it is! It is my fault!  Because I knew, all right?! I knew! Years ago, when bad things started coming out about the Catholic Church, I went to the Vatican and ... I found out that the problem was worse than anyone even thought. I thought I could help fix it, so, I kept my mouth shut. I thought there was cancer in the Church that we could get rid of. But the Church ''is'' cancer. It's not about a few bad apples. There are only a few good apples, and I'm clearly not one of them. So just stay away from me! You thought wrong.  Hello, Mr. Marsh. M, Mr. Marsh- -please. I'm just going around trying to locate little Butters Stotch. I thought he might be here playing a board game with your son? I'm sorry, but I have to keep looking.  I said some terrible things.  What cleanup crew?  Give me that! Mr. Stotch, have you heard from Butters at all?!  Oh my Lord. I know where to go. And when we get there... I'll need to go in alone. Wait!  You wanted to find me? Well, here I am. I know why you're here. The Church can't have... someone like me going around making it look bad. So go ahead.  Do it. Just get it over with. A transfer? I can just... go? I can start over in the Maldives? Yes, I do. I don't think I have any other choice. I'm so sorry, my child. I never meant to say we weren't pals. Of course. Now I have purpose, and I have meaning. My job here is to protect you. All of you. The Lord be with you. Today I'd like to talk on the subject of penance. The penitent... have deep remorse, but for true penance, we must be humble enough to admit that the Lord's forgiveness is undeserved. In Job 42:6 we read "Therefore, I reprehend myself and do penance in dust and ashes" So we are not to punish ourselves, but instead, we are to make ourselves passionate. Passionate to understand all that Christ sacrificed, and how hard it truly was. 