 Oh... I'm baaack! Hey, South Park! I'm home! Oh, yes, I've got a lot of baggage! Hey! Hey, Valmer! How're you doing?   Hey, hey, lookin' good, Thompson! Did your wife get that AIDS test?! You know, the simple truth is, teaching is my life.  I realize that now more than ever after my little sabbatical. Well, I just went through a little thing. You know, I... I realized I was gay. And then I realized I wasn't gay, I was a woman. And after I transitioned, I thought it was a little mistake and then I went through a phase of being the President of the United States. Oh, that's not a problem. Anyone who has been President is assigned secret service for the rest of their lives to keep them protected.  This is my private security, Mr. Service.  Hey, kids! Guess who's baaaaaaaaack? Well, I know you've all had a lot of time off this past year. But it's time to get you all back on track. Now, I expect discipline and respect in this classroom -- both to me and your new teacher's assistant, Mr. Service.  Okay, let's see... Scissors, paper, glue. Ah! Some good old fashioned number 2 pencils. That's what my students need. Mr. Service, can you grab a couple boxes of those pencils over there?  Okay, I think that's all the school supplies we need. Let's grab some healthy snacks for the class snack basket.  Look, I'm just a teacher. Okay? Just a teacher, I'm shopping for my class. The word is get a fucking life, jackass! Blow shit out your dickhole!  Alright, children, let's take our seats.  We're gonna make sure you lazy ducks have still been studying through this whole pandemic. Yes, Mr. Service?  You always know where Wendy is! Where is she?!  A private tutor?! Why would they get a private tutor?! What makes you think that?! I am trying to get things back to normal around here!  Why is everyone acting like this?! Why is everyone against me?! I'm gonna get to the bottom of this! Come on, Mr. Service!  Alright, just what the hell do you think you're doing?! Go tutor someone else! You think you can take my students from my classroom?! That's right, it's me! The head teacher at South Park Elementary! And this is what I think of private tutors! Get her, Mr. Service!  Now who's in charge of all you tutors?! Choke her out, Mr. Service! Who started this bogus tutoring company?! I'm listening! The Whites? That guy was harassing me at the grocery store! Come on, Mr. Service. It's time to deal with the Whites.   Get them, Mr. Service!  God damn right you did something wrong! Our public school system is dying and you tutors are trying to take advantage of it! You'll never be like me! I've been a teacher for 30 years! I'm just trying to get my old life back and assholes keep getting in my way! They have to know what!?  Everyone's being manipulated... So that's why everyone in town is being such an inconsiderate jerk about me coming back? Who are they?  Jesus, you people really take this seriously. I got an e-mail that all teachers are about to be vaccinated at the school! You're telling me they're all going to become mindless zombies who are fine with child murder? Aw geez, we gotta get to the school!  Hey! What the hell just happened?  Oh, my holy Jesus!  Come on, Mr. Service, we have to get back to the school!  Mr. Service's balls are freezing! How do the elites control Mr. Service's balls?  Listen! Listen, whoever you are! I don't give a shit what you do! Please! I just want my old life back! I don't care what you do to kids, I just want people to like me again! Aah! Mr. Service!  Ah, oh, okay, what the hell is this? Hey, come back! How would you like to make a deal?  I think I can help things out here! Listen! Listen, everybody. I -- I think I owe you all a big apology. I came in here expecting everything to just go back to normal, but... we've all been through the proverbial butthole of hardships lately. I thought we could all just magically be friends again. But relationships are very fragile things.  Alright, boys, do your thing! It's Air Israel with enough vaccines for every adult in town!  Oh, jeez. Thanks, everybody.  