Recess is almost over, dude. Yeah, we finally get back to school and have some sense of normalcy and you guys make the teacher walk out!  Do you guys know how hard it's going to be for them to find us a replacement teacher? Okay, grandpa. I don't even know what to do! If you ask me, this whole pandemic has been a giant waste of time!  Yes. Please, Mr. Mackey, we just want to get our old teacher back for everybody, okay? Can you just tell her we're really, really sorry? Hello, sir! Yeah, we assist senior citizens who need the vaccine, but then need help getting to the right place. Holy shit, dude. That was pretty easy! Just pay her, Cartman. Come on, the pharmacist is coming! Oh, great, Kyle. Now he knows there's a plan! Kenny, grab the vaccines! ''[kicks the pharmacist in the leg, while Kenny grabs the tray of vaccines and they run out of the building] Go, go, go, go!!  What the hell did I do?!  I don't see anybody. I think we're safe here until school starts in the morning.  What? I say we take the vaccines ourselves. I mean, why are us kids last? This whole pandemic has been about doing what's best for adults. Maybe for the broship we do what's best for us. Kyle?  What are you doing?  So then why are you replacing some of the vaccines with Cactus Cooler?  I don't want my mom to die either! I can't believe that you would lie to me. That you would hide shit from me.  Yeah, we're gonna go to the school now, buddy.  I just want this over with. Let's get these stupid things to the teachers and go home. We don't have time for this, Scott.   We got to get outta here!  And what about you, Kyle? You were the one trying to take vaccines for yourself this morning! Look, let's just face it, you guys. We don't trust each other and we don't like each other. We can't keep pretending. Look, it's been a hard year. And I think for some people there's just no going back. We can't just force things for Kenny's sake. It's not good for us and it's not good for him.  Yup. A week is a long time for Kenny to be with one person. It would be easier if I just knew I always had Kenny on certain days. Well, I say that out of all of those... the first one makes the most sense.  2-2-3. That's so ridiculous... that it just might work.  Dude, what are you doing? You're gonna get yourself killed. Okay, let's do this. What the fuck is that? Hello, Mrs. Nelson!  Well, I guess this is it...  Everything's gonna be okay, Kenny. I'll see you on Monday. Hey, I wish you guys all the best, huh? 