  Hello, is this City Wok?  Uh, yes, we'd like one order of the City Beef.  Okay, come on, Not-Not-Kenny. That guy ate all the sandwiches he wanted and lost weight. He is ''so'' cool. A- AIDS? Oh-my-god!  You guys! I think I'm having a genius moment. Yes. Yes! Its coming to me now. Noo. Don't you see what this all means? Anybody could do what he did. What's to stop someone else from going to say, City Wok, and cutting a deal with them? Say they'll eat nothing but their Chinese food, but then eat only a little tiny bit of it and exercise.  It's a cash cow, I tell you. Lose weight and make money... I tell you this is gonna be the greatest thing that Butters has ever done. Weh- who do you think I'm talkin' about, Butters? Joyce de Witt? I can't lose weight, Butters, 'cause I'm not fat. I'm big-boned. You can't slim down bones, stupid! That's my whole point. First we fatten him up, then we make the deal with City Wok, then take the weight back off. Oh, come on! Just think about how famous you'll be! ''He used to be fat but not no more [Butters brightens up]'' ''[slowing] and a lifetime of free food at City Wok.'' Uuuh, school project. Damnit Butters! Keep eating or I'll kick you till you're deader than Kenny! So how long until we can joke about it? Wugh, that's a long time to wait. Then eat your puke. Oh, come on! Japanese girls do it.  Get a hold of yourself, man! Sir, we have come to offer you the business deal of a lifetime.  The ''fat'' one! Just like Jared. Sir, we are in business!  You are such a flabby hunk of crap! Look at those jelly rolls! Jelly rolls I tell ya!! You still got seven chins, boah! You'll never be thin!! Nobody loves you!  Butters, I'm just trying to offer some motivational help here.  Row you fat bitch! Look at those jelly rolls! Nobody loves you! You're not even a person!  Guys, I think this might be a good time to discuss some business. Well, when City Wok sees how skinny Butters is, they're not gonna want him to just make one commercial, they're gonna want several. I think we're looking at a non-exclusive two-year fifty-picture deal here. My calculations put that at about four million dollars. Now, I think the four million should be split evenly among the three of us, except that ''I'' should get a twenty percent per negation fee off the gross for having come up with the idea. Well we're supposed to shoot your commercial today, you fat piece of crap! No it isn't, stupid blubberbutt! Check. That should blah  Oh stop your bitchin' Butters! Kenny woulda took it like a man! Alrighty. Alright, I think it's in.   There it goes.  Aw man, it tastes like that, um, you know that cream-chipped-beef stuff that Chef makes sometimes.  Oh yeah, keep doing that. That's working good. Oh, whoa. Whoa!  Oh, crap! Dude, we just need you to come down to City Wok real quick so they can see how skinny you are! Do you guys remember what a cool friend Kenny was?  He was always up for helpin' us out; man, he was the best friend ever. Alright alright, I'll stay here and answer the phone for you.  Well, you don't sound like me. My name is Butters and I'm a little pussy who won't help his friends make money. Don't forget, a third of that four million dollars is mine!  Eh.  Well hello? Oh, gee whiz, I'm not.. watchin' television, Dad, I'm just... layin' around jackin' it. Well my hot spicy boner, of course, Dad. Ah, loosen up, you bloody vaginal belch. Bring it on, queer bait.   Hello? Yeah, well, Dad's being a little pussy, Mom. Uh not from you dumbasses, that's for sure. Oh, I'll be waiting with horse bells on, you old... horse-bangin' skank.   There you are, Butters! No, but they're due home any minute. Come on, you're just in time! No, I totally covered for you. They completely believed I was you on the phone! Here you go.  I drew some pictures with crayons so it looks like you were here all day. And I ate a little food so it looks like you ate, and I fed your cat. Alright I'd better get out of here before they get back.  Butters, it was my pleasure.  Aw, man, if I was older, I would totally start jacking off right now.}} 