Oh, but you have a Trapper Keepe-- Oh, you got the little Crapper Keeper, didn't you? Well, at least your stupid brother got a briefcase. He's not a genius; he's a little douchebag. Trapper Keeper, I need to drown out my annoying friend. Please initiate music, country, high volume.  Yeah, that's me. Yeahhh, you already know about it? Well...  "Nobody gives a crap about your Trapper Keeper, Cartman!"  And so the ''other'' thing that makes ''my'' Trapper Keeper cooler than Kyle's is that it can add any peripheral device to itself automatically.  and... Trapper Keeper? Hybrid with Wellington Bear calculator. And now it can use Wellington Bear calculator, too. Uh, n-no, I'm afraid not, Bill Cosby, because it is coded to the prints on my fingers.  If anybody but me tries to hold it, big metal spikes come out and pierce through their hands. Oh really?  Hold it.  Hold it. I don't know, dude. I'm not supposed to have any male friends that are over 30. I kind of screwed on that once. Dude, you can't just ''ask'' to be somebody's friend and be their friend; it doesn't work that way. If you want to be ''my'' friend, you'll have to pay me. Okay, that's cool. A-alright. Pretty sweet, you guys, getting a hundred bucks to play tetherball with some--  Ugh..!  Ey! You son of a bitch!  Turn left here! We're getting close! Get your gun ready!  There he is! Got ya!  Ahh, try to take my Trapper Keeper, will you?  Book him, Barbrady. Another job well done.  You guys. Did I mention that it has a pencil sharpener ''and'' a crayon sharpener? What would you guys have me do, huh?! Walk around with just a plain old Trapper Keeper like Kyle's?! Is that what you want?! Aw, damnit!   Hey, dudes. Yeah, I'm a genius! Last night I went home and told my mom that I ''lost'' the last one. Then I cried and I cried, and finally she felt so bad that she took me to the store and bought me a new one!  So everything worked out. Why the hell not?! Wait... so then you guys burned my ''last'' one for no reason!  But I don't think I can get my mom to buy me another one. Oh, that is bullcrap! And you know what I think? I think this whole thing is a setup! That's right! Kyle ''got'' this guy to ''say'' that he's a robot from the future just because he's jealous of ''my'' Trapper Keeper! And you know what else? Screw you guys. I'm going home.  Ech! Screw you guys. Home.  Sweet. You're so cool, Trapper Keeper. I would never let those assholes take you away.<br />''[singing his own ''Dawson's Creek'' theme song] I don't wanna wait for my Trapper Keeper to be over<br />The ways of my Trap--'' Oh, cool.  Whoa... Kyle is just jealous of you, Trapper Keeper. You kick ass!<br />''I don't wanna let my Trapper Keeper get--'' ''Screw you guys, screw you guys<br />Screw you guys, scr--'' Huh?  Oh, sweet. What's it gonna hybrid with now?  Ugh--! ''I'm afraid I can't let you do that, Kyle.'' ''Hey, screw you.'' ''Agh--! [four metallic arms from all directions reach out to trap him, then six more organic ones come in to secure him]'' Oh. Well, I guess everything's fine now. So let's go home. Awww, man... Alright, alright.  Kyle... 