 No, that's right, it's not. Well, let's start with roll call. Uh, let's see. Filmore Anderson? Sally Bands? Ike Broflovski? Broflovski, I had your older brother Kyle in my third-grade class. He's a very smart kid. I'm sure you are, too.  And that's how the relationship with my father sort of ended. There's still some sort of skeletons in the closet, but things between us are a little better.  Who would like to nominate someone? Okay, Filmore.  Yes, Jenny. In a minute, Jenny. Who else wants to nominate a class president?  Oh, come on! You can't have an election with just one person running! What's the fun in that? Ike? How about you? You're a genius. Okay, our second nominee is Ike the genius.  Okay, children, now we'll hear briefly from each nominee. Filmore, why don't you go first? Very enthralling. Okay, Ike? How about you? ...Well, this is gonna be a tough one, kids. So that's six votes for Filmore and six votes for Ike.  You've got the winning vote, Flora. Who d'you pick? Flora, you have to pick one. Filmore or Ike? Oh, great! Flora's undecided! Well, you're just gonna have to sit there, Flora, and think about it until you come up with an answer. Oh, for Christ's sakes, you're all acting like a bunch o' kids!  Alright, who do you vote for?  Okay, so then the total is six for Filmore and now seven votes for Ike. Ike is the new class president.  What? Oh, of all the juvenile things I've ever heard! You lost, Filmore! Don't be such a baby!  ...And this time, I again get six votes for Filmore and seven votes for Ike. No, children! I've recounted 106 times now and I keep coming up with seven to six! Except in the one instance where it came out seven to five, and one where it came out twelve to fourteen. '''''It's over!''''' Ike is class president! Oh, will you grow up?! Jesus..! Alright, we'll wait for tomorrow so the absent kid can cast his vote. Now go home!  Alright children, as you know, we've been waiting for the absent kid's ballot to come in. Well, his mother was nice enough to bring him in from the hospital so that he could cast his vote. Ms. Harris?  Filmore. Oh, Jesus tap-dancing Christ. There's a box next to Filmore's name and a box next to Ike's! What's not to understand? Who's your famous aunt? Your aunt Rosie O'Donnell is coming here?  Oh no..! What the hell is that?   I'll try to fight it off! Oh. Oh, um... Pleasure to meet you, Miss Donnell. You're looking... well. Look, it's very simple. We took a vote and the vote tied, so now we gotta come up with a way--  Half the kids in the class didn't ''vote'' for your nephew, so what about them? You don't give a crap about them because they're not on ''your side''! People like you preach tolerance and open-mindedness all the time, but when it comes to Middle America, you think we're all evil and stupid country yokels who need your political enlightenment!  ...Oh, sorry I got a little off the subject there, kids. Oh no, children, I think I've just made this a whole lot worse. Okay, children, the lawyers for Ike's side have agreed with the lawyers on Filmore's side to hold another meeting regarding Form 22F. Do we all have that form?  Jesse Jackson?  We don't have any African-Americans in our class! Alright, so apparently what we're gonna do now is hand-count each person's ballot-- You... yuh, you what? Ohuh... Yes.  Yes! Let's fingerpaint! 