Hey Jimmy, what are you up to?  Yeah well, ya wanna do somethin'? I wanted to hang out with Stan and Kyle, but they're all pissed off at me for somethin' so I have to hang out with you.  Alright, well maybe I can help you, you know, we can totally write some stuff together.  No, that's not that funny. Let's try something else. No, no. Polacks aren't that funny dude. Try somethin' else.  Meh.  Dude, if I'm trying to be creative, I can't eat fruit. Doesn't your mom have something more substantial to eat? Yeah, I like fishsticks. What, dude, you got something? Yeah. Yeah.  Fish dicks! Aw dude, that's funny as shit! I think we're really onto something here. Let's try it out on the guys. Okay okay, shushushuh, okay, shush, check it out. Uh hey there Clyde. Say Clyde, do you like fishsticks? Do you like to put fishsticks in your mouth?  What are you, Clyde? A gay fish? Tolkien, Tolkien, got a question for you:  Tolkien, do you like fishsticks?  You you like putting fishsticks in your mouth? What are you? And then it was on Leno and the Jimmy Kimmel show! Dude, that's our joke on national television. Nya nya nya nya nyaaa nya! We are comedy writers and you guys aren't! Ha ha ha ha haaa ha! Jimmy, I've been thinking: We've got to patent the fishsticks joke. Yeah dude, there's lots of people out there using our joke on their shows. We should be getting compensated. Dude, fuck that! Maybe you were writing jokes for people's amusement, but I don't work for free. I'm gonna talk to a lawyer so we get what's coming to us!   Motherfucker! Jimmy, dude, did you see?! Carlos Mencia is taking credit for ''our joke''! Yeah dude. I told you this would happen. Now look, I got a lawyer to draw up some patent papers. We've got to sign these so that people know that the joke belongs to you and me! But Jimmy, some fat turd is taking credit for something he didn't do! What?! Jimmy, that's messed up. We decided that day to write together. Don't you remember? Hey Jimmy, wanna hang out? Team up? Okay, let's write some jokes together. Do we like fishsticks? What does she think we are? Gay fish?  Look, exactly who came up with which part of the joke isn't even relevant. We had an agreement Jimmy. And if you wanna go back on that now, well then you're no better than a Jew. It's cool man, it's cool.  Hey Kyle, can I talk to you for a second?  You do?  But, I'm sure I helped come up with the joke. Didn't I? Hey Jimmy, what's up dawg? That's cool. You wanna write some together?   Cool, thanks. Let's get to work! Now let's see... something that's a play on words, I don't know... fishsticks. You know, 'cause it, 'cause dicks. Oh thank you Mrs. Valmer.  Now let's see... The setup could be... "Do you like fishsticks?" So then I can say, "What are you, a gay fish?" It's a dragon of some kind! Don't worry, I can save you all!  Thanks you guys! Nnnope. No, I definitely helped write the joke. All I can hope is Jimmy doesn't try and Jew me over. Hi Ellen.  Thank you, thank you. No, really. Thank you. Ellen, comedy is like a game of racquetball, you know? You serve, and the other person hits it back. It bounces off the wall, you backhand it. And it goes back and forth and back and forth and then hopefully you've got a good joke. Thank you. Truth of the matter is that there has never really been a team like us before. I mean let's be perfectly honest: a lot of people wouldn't work with someone who's disabled. But I see past that. I look beyond Jimmy's disabilities and find ...a bond which can unite us in comedy. Working with crippled people is really ...important.  Ahaw don't cry, pal. You're gonna get ''me'' started. Anyway, what was really important for us as a team, Ellen, was to make sure that everyone knew that ''we'' came up with the joke, and not Carlos Butthole Mencia. Uhhh excuse me?  Alright, so check it out: We've got offers from Van de Kamp's and Gorton's Fisherman to do commercials. Yeah, that was kewl huh? Whassat? So... here it is. That is bullcrap Jimmy, and you know it! I had just as much to do with the fishsticks joke as ''you'' did!  Dude, it's Puff Daddy! Oh, so now it's we, huh Jimmy? A minute ago you said you did it all yourself! Abebeh, abebebebebeah! We both came up with it together! You wanna know how it happened?! Hello Jim.  What are you up to? Well, maybe I can help you. We can team up.  Now let's see, how about a joke that has something to do with... fishsticks. You know, 'cause fishsticks sounds like fish dicks, Jimmy. Thanks.  Oh my God, what are Jewbots doing here?  Come on, Jimmy, we gotta go back and finish that joke!  Aw dammit! I guess it really was all me who came up with it. You've gotta let Jimmy go, it's all my fault. Jimmy, you really believe that you came up with it all on your own? Oh my God, wait. I totally get it now. All this time I've been mad at you, Jimmy, for trying to take all the credit, but, now I realize it's just that your ego has made you believe things happened differently. That's what Kyle was trying to tell me. That you have such a huge ego you do these mental gymnastics to make yourself a part of things. I thought you were just trying to Jew me out of my part of the credit, but now I realize that... some people just have egos that are so out of whack that no matter what people tell them, they can't accept the truth of who they are.  Jimmy, I owe you an apology. I realize now you can't help believing you created the entire joke, because your ego won't let you think otherwise. I just have to accept that. 