Oh, cool. A preview.  Aw, dude, why would they do that? That's gay.  Why the hell do these directors keep updating their movies? Goddamnit, that pisses me off! Tweek is right. It isn't fair for those asshole directors to keep changing their movies and making them different! Movies are art, and art shouldn't be modified! We have to do something. Let's form a club. No, fatass! I mean a club to protect films from their directors, so they can't be messed with! Well what's wrong with it? Alright, let's go get the gymnasium ready. Tweek, you go make fifty hats.  What? Yeah, let's see if anyone has even shown up yet.  Dude, there's like a thousand people in there! Relax, Tweek, we're just gonna have to go in there and explain what happened. There are more important things right now than free hats.  Okay, uh, we wanna thank you all for coming. We're really happy to see such enthusiasm for our cause. Uh, one thing before I continue. Unfortunately we don't have enough of the... free hats for everyone.  You mean, you just came because you believe in our cause? Aaaah,  Waitwaitwaitwait!  Don't you see what's happening out there? The films you all grew up with, that touched YOUR lives and are part of YOUR soul are now being updated and changed. Join us and we CAN be a group that makes a difference! Uh, sure, and we'll also try to free Hat. ...212, 213, 214 members! Really? That's great. If we go on ''Nightline'', the whole country can hear about what's happening to our classic films. When did we do dibs for it? Uh-look, if the Beatles went back and updated their White Album every few years, what would we have now? Members, this is our darkest hour. We've just learned that George Lucas ''and'' Steven Spielberg now intend to update and change ''Raiders of the Lost Ark''.  That is our understanding. It's just that, you know, he killed twenty-three babies. Alright alright. But right now we've gotta focus on getting those original prints of ''Raiders''. Well, it looks like we're gonna have to do this ourselves. Okay, go.   Aw, really? Waitwaitwaitwaitwait. I thought we were gonna cool his hot heart with a cool island song. So we have to warm his icy heart with a "hot" island song. Those rams can do to us what they will, Mr. Lucas, but we'll never stop trying to protect films.   You're wrong, Mr. Lucas. They're not your movies. They're ours. All of ours. We paid to go see them, and they're just as much a part of our lives as they are of yours. Give the print to us so that we can protect it from Spielberg and anyone else who wants to alter it. Fuck you, Steven Spielberg! Come on, you guys!  He's definitely lost it.  You guys, close your eyes. Don't look at it.  Yuh, you guys okay.  Come on, you guys. Let's get out of here.  Yeah well, sometimes the things we do don't matter right now. Sometimes they matter... later. We have to care more about later sometimes, you know? I think that's what separates us from the Steven Spielbergs and George Lucases of the world. Don't worry, Tweek. It's somewhere safe. Somewhere where... nobody will ever find it. 