I am Mysterion. Though only nine years old, I dedicate my life to helping people - when I'm not in school.  The BP Oil Company has drilled and caused a spill in the Gulf like no other. The President of BP apologized. But they drilled again, and tore open a portal into another dimension. Creatures from that dimension are now wreaking havoc in the Gulf. BP tried to solve the problem by drilling on the moon, but instead they caused the dark lord Cthulhu to emerge. I have joined forces with other superheroes in my neighborhood to help save the Gulf. But even the other heroes do not know that unlike them, I do have a power. A power they will now begin to understand. And all will know who and what I truly am!  Thank you, ma'am. We believe that every little bit helps. Mysterion! Because it pisses Cartman off beyond belief, and I find that  extremely funny. I don't know, but I think we'd better find out. Not Cartman. Whoever did this to our base was looking for something. Chaos! Why did you take those pictures?! Hindsight, that isn't Courtney Love! Our former member, the Coon, tricked you! Please sir, put down the gun. Then do it!  Pull the trigger, Hindsight! If you don't believe us then you don't have a choice! Pull the trigger, you pussy! You guys go! I'll deal with this prick! I said it's fine! Just go!  People need you, Hindsight!  Without you they feel helpless and stupid. You think your power's a curse?! Let me tell you something about curses, buttlicker!  Because there's some superpowers that make yours look like nothing! Trust me, I know.  You wanna whine about curses, Hindsight? You're talking to the wrong fucking cowboy.  Should I forget about the past and not care about my powers?  Maybe I should just... disappear.  I'm fine. So these people have been waiting for Cthulhu a long time. Uhh, what?  I'm not here about that. Ten years ago you were arrested for being in some kind of cult. Mysterion. What is the Cult of Cthulhu?!  What happened at those meetings? I don't find that hard to believe at all. These people still meet? Where? There must be clubs like this all over the world. Makes sense. Unrelenting despair and a thousand years of darkness sounds pretty goth.  What does it mean? "That is not dead which can eternal lie"? What does it mean?!  You're going to tell me everything you know! 