Damnit! Another murder victim! For three years the Left-Hand killer has been at large and I've exhausted every lead! Maybe... I just don't have what it takes to be a cop anymore. All right, let's go, Murphy. Hang on a second, where are, where are my car keys?  Doctor, didn't you say that kid suffered head trauma? I've... heard cases where people suffering head trauma awaken to some psychic abilities. I know it's ridiculous,  Hello, young man, could we have a quick word with you? Young man, how did you know the nurse was gonna walk in just now? Little boy...  we were wondering if you could come down and see if your... new powers could help us catch the killer.  Multiple stab wounds, just like all the others. Stand back, give him room!  Come on, kid, concentrate! What do you see in your mind? Jesus Christ! Tom Johansen, the owner of the ice cream shop! Mr. Johansen, could we have a quick word with you? Get him!  Code 6! Code 6! Congratulations, Eric. You just stopped the biggest killer in South Park history.  His powers are uncanny. Take good care of him, Ms. Cartman. Make sure he uses his powers... for good. There he is! Hey, Eric! Eric!  We've got a little problem. While the ice-cream store owner was in jail, another murder was committed. Which can only mean one thing! That a copycat killer is on the loose! We need your psychic abilities to catch this new guy right away! Jesus Christ! Cause of death? So you're telling me somebody new is now copying the crimes of the copycat killer?! Jesus! Where will it end?!  Every time I put a killer behind bars, another guy just steps in and takes his place! What am I doing wrong?!  Dammit! Dammit all to hell! They just found another body! That means a fifth copycat killer is on the loose! Where's my psychic?!  Doctor, could you remove his face warmer? We'd like to speak with him. Young man, the doctor said you've had some... visions about our newest murder? What do you think, Mitch? All right, we'll check this Deets guy out. But let's use that one thing that we never use. You know, what's that one thing that starts with an R that we never use? Yeah, yeah, restraint. We'll check this guy out, but let's use some restraint.  Good evening, sir. We're Park County detectives. We were just wondering if we could take a quick look around your house, Misterrr... Well, Mr. God, it won't take but a second; it might help us with an investigation.  I see you like cutting the eyes out of photos of women. My son is a big fan of that, too. Jesus H.... That boy was right! Arrest that guy!  Whoa-whoa-wait-wait-hey-wait-wait-yo! Oh, wait a minute, no ah, I'm wrong. This isn't the guy. The serial killer always cuts off the victims' left hands. Well those aren't left hands.  See, on your left hand, the thumb faces to the left. Those are all right hands. Nope, this isn't our man.   Yeah... Amazing coincidence... Call it police intuition, but somethin' in there just didn't feel right.  Wait a minute. I'm not sure. I'm gonna have to run some tests.   Murphy, do you remember what I was supposed to be doing?  Oh my God. Murphy!  You're not gonna believe this. Hold it right there, killer!  Well young man, you did an amazing thing. Not only did your psychic visions help us catch the killer, but a lot of innocent people are out of jail. It must be true. The kid is psychic.  