I don't know where to start. First, it was all the school shootings, then these Wi-Fi scooters showed up, and now we know that ManBearPig is real and we could all be dead in a matter of years. I know there's a connection. But that isn't what matters. I can't deal with people anymore. It's just... everyone sucks so hard, you know? Everybody is so stupid. And they all walk around going "Nya na chai cha nyachacha chai cha." And the only thing that makes me happy, the only thing I can trust... is this.  I'll be in my room and my mom will come in and say... And then at school... And even my friends. My own friends! They'll be like... It's like, everybody needs something from me. All I want is a little time with my phone instead of always listening to people's needy bullshit.  Anxiety? Is that cool?  Oh my God, that's perfect! Just a God- can you wait?! Isn't that your job?! Aren't you a wait-er?!  It just so happens I have anxiety! That means I have trouble being around assholes who won't leave me alone!  Shut up. I have anxiety.   I'm on my phone!!  Listen up, people! I have anxiety! That means I'm in my shell and have a hard time expressing myself! I find it difficult to engage with others! So everyone shut the fuck up because my anxiety is up here right now!  What? What? Who is that?  Oh, sorry Craig. Didn't see you there. Oh, there's nothing stupid about it. Don't you wish you had a way to deal with your anxiety? I see it in you, Craig. With your parents and relationships? Imagine being able to shut them out for a little while, Craig, so you can focus on what matters. With Buddha Box you can cut out all the unwanted noise. Not have to deal with conversations that are of no interest to you.  Whoa, whoa! Hey! Excuse me, that's my Buddha Box. It relaxes me. Ask my therapist. I have anxiety, you dumb bitch!   Uhuh. Aw man, that looks, that looks sweet. Oh, PC Principal. Hello.  I'm letting go of stress and being calm, like the Buddha. Hey. Whoa man, what's going on? Are you suffering from anxiety? It's okay. I have it too. Anxiety is very real. But there is help for people like us.  What's going on? Oh, I'm sorry! I'm sorry I'm dealing with my anxiety! Do you know how hard it is for people with my condition to come out and even do things like this?! Living with anxiety is awful, huh Craig?  Oh yeah! Sure! Yeah, because people with anxiety shouldn't be allowed to play sports! Right, Kyle?!   Heh heh, that guy's such a douche. What was that... what was that one show he was on? Oh yeah, that's it. B.J. and the Bear. That show was so dumb. What kind of monkey was that, anyway? What was that- what was that monkey he always had- Wait. What the? What the hell is this? Oh God damnit.  Mom, will you stop texting me? I'm trying to relax! We're doing everything we can to keep our anxiety under control! Do you think I even wanna be here right now?! I am freaking out!  Heheh, yeah. That's pretty cool. What do you want? You think I even want to be here, Kyle?! My therapist told me I need to force myself to go out and do things to overcome my anxiety! Oh! Oh, I see! People with anxiety shouldn't be allowed at water parks. Is that it, Kyle?  Hey everybody! Just so you know, Kyle thinks people with anxiety should just stay home! Yeah! I'm trying to come out of my shell, but Dr. Kyle here is just worried about his place in line. God damnit! I seriously can't get a minute of peace!  Why is it that people who don't have a Buddha Box are always flipping Buddha Boxes off the heads of people with anxiety?!  Everyone has anxiety? Oh my God. I know what I have to do now. Yo-you're right, Kyle! You're right!  To quiet one's mind, one must have a dialog with one's self. I have found enlightenment. But there are so many others who suffer. It's very important to take the time to shut out the outside world. In the Hindu religion, there's a saying, "Namaste." It means "fuck you, I have anxiety." At first I thought it was only a few of us, but then something was said to me by Kyle. He said "Eric, my friend, everyone has anxiety." I know what you're thinking: "Fuck Kyle." And normally I would agree with you, but hear his words. Everyone has anxiety. We must recognize this disease as an epidemic. Yes, fuck Kyle, but Mayor, we have to raise money to get everyone who has anxiety the tools they need to cope. Namaste. Fuck you too. 