<i>[joining the two other boys]</i> Hey you guys! Look what I have! Four tickets to ''The Lion King'' on stage! Aww, come on, you guys! It's supposed to be really cool. What, doughboy? What? What?! Goddamnit, Cartman! What are they gonna say on ''Cop Drama''?  They're gonna say "shit" on television? Bu- but I got these tickets to see ''Lion King'' on stage. It's just a marketing ploy by the network. Like that time they had the first male-to-male kiss with Terrance and Phillip? It's stupid! No, I don't have sand in my vagina! I just think it's a little immature for us to be standing around talking about one dumb word being on TV! Hey, Butters!  YOU before anybody else. How many ways are there to take it?! It's just a stupid word!  I'm going to the kitchen! This is stupid! I don't really give a fuck!  Well! I hope it lived up to all the hype! You must feel ''so'' much better now! Do you really think anything's gonna be any different now?!  What the hell? Oh, whatever.  This is ridiculous! Just because they say it on TV it's alright.  It's not new!! I'm gonna look "shit" up in the encyclopedia and prove it!! There's no sand in my vagina!!! You guys! You guys! I've looked up the word, "shit"! I think it might have something to do with people dying! Haven't you noticed everyone getting sick? It all started when they said "shit" on television. I am ''not'' full of meecro- what? Look, the word "shit" first showed up in English in the 1340s, the same time as something called, "The Black Death". Look! It ''might'' be a coincidence, but I think we'd better ask someone. Come on!  Chef, do you know where "shit" comes from?  No no! The ''word'', "shit". Ungh, it said in my book that the word, "shit", started exactly the same time as something called, "The Black Death". Right. But in the 1340s people in England stopped calling it "skite" and started calling it "shit." The same year as the Black Plague. A... curse word. Cartman, this is serious!!! Dude, this plague is spreading like wildfire!  We've gotta do something, Chef. If we don't we don't stop that network,  "shit" will become an even ''more'' acceptable word! Cartman, stop being an asshole!  We think that you might have caused it by helping make "shit" an everyday word.  It's true. We think that word might be plaguing our friend, Kenny. ...No. Now what? We need some help identifying an ancient English stone. And asshole. Wait!  It's okay. The curse has been lifted.  You see, we've learned something today. Swearing can be fun, but doing it all the time causes a lot of problems. We're all saying the S-word too much!  The knights of Standards and Practices were created to make sure that bad words were kept to a minimum. "Curse words" They're called that because they ''are a curse''. We have to go back to only using curse words in rare, extreme circumstances. 