 Mom! Where the hell have you been?! I've been home from school for like 45 minutes! I didn't have anything to eat except Nutella. I was about to call Child Services! What? I'm your job.  No! Wha– what job could you possibly have?! You don't know how to do anything!  A what? Hey Butters, I need your help. Butters, I have some shocking news... My mom got a job. What? No, my mom got a job. My mom is dumb as shit and somebody is paying her to do something.  Have you ever heard of a real estate agent, Butters? Yeah, well, neither had I.  So I looked it up on a bunch of those shows and stuff. You don't do anything. You just look nice and hug people and then when someone buys a house, you make money. It's more than a good deal, Butters. It's fucking legal theft. If my mom can be a real estate agent, then literally anyone in the world can.  We've got all these people moving from the cities into our town. I can probably be a millionaire in just a few days time.  I won't forget this when I'm rich. Okay, this is a three bedroom house with bathrooms. Front yard and backyard. Oh, I just got some clients here looking to relocate. These people are from the city. I got a job as a real estate agent, mom. Neither are you– Mom, real estate is an open market. You're not the only one who gets to take advantage of all the city people.   Okay, so this is a three bedroom two and a half bath– come on in, everybody!  You got about 2,300 square feet and there is a finished basement. Detached garage– stairs head up to the master, which is an en suite, if I remember correctly. Let's get on back to the kitchen...  You've got a nice, big kitchen, pretty new appliances. Door in the back gets you out to the garage. Just showing them your house. Come on, let's check out the second floor– Nice, big bathroom for the two rooms up here. Tweek's grandma is staying in one of the rooms, which serves as an office space when she's not here. And then, we are back down to the spacious living room! Yeah, we're just about done– well, what do you guys think? I'm sorry, I didn't get that... Oh, sure, well, let's head on out now. We can take a lot at Jimmy's house.  I think I can get you 4 million for this place. I'll be in touch.  Hey, guys, it's Eric from South Park Realty Group. Are you dreaming of moving out of the city and into the countryside? I want you to check out Clyde's house. This is a 2,300 square foot mid colonial home – detached garage – now listing for just $3.5 million. Let's check it out. This house is so spacious. I think my cameraman Butters can attest to this. Isn't this nice, Butters? Just look at these amenities. These giant, glass double doors lead to the unfinished backyard. Plenty of room here for a pool or a horse stable. Get out of that sewage drain you call a city and start living the country life you've always wanted. South Park Realty Group. Get out of the city and into beautiful South Park. How's it going? This is Eric Cartman with South Park Realty Group. Well, I'm standing here with some clients who want to make a deal on this Highgate place. They wanna offer $175,000. $175,000 is a great number—$25,000 below asking, but you know you're never gonna get $200,000.  Don't worry, these deals are always like this. The HVAC all needs to be redone and you know it. Okay, that's fine mom, why don't you go to fucking hell?!  It always gets like this with agents. Don't worry, she'll call back, watch.  South Park Realty Group, this is Eric. Okay, okay... $180,000, but that's as high as I can go.  We got it. Welcome, home buyers! I'm Eric with South Park Realty Group. We hope you're enjoying the provided food and beverages.  Yes, that's right. You know, here at South Park Realty Group, we've had some amazing listings—Craig's house, Jimmy's house—but I think you'll all agree that what we have for you today is a whole nother level. I present to you... Tolkien's house! These owners have just moved out to a farm, and we're listing this house at just under $50 million dollars. Yes! Go on in! Check it out! Make me an offer! This is my listing, mom!  This is my listing, mom! Agh! Help! Somebody call Child Protective Services! I am not doing a co-brokering deal, mom, it's not gonna happen! That isn't true. You just want to offer the sellers a lower commission to list this house and it's not going to work, mom! When I close this deal, mom, I'm gonna be the richest kid in town! Well, we'll just see in 30 days, won't we? Except for some of my deals, which have a 45 day contingency period!  And you won't get any other job? And your only job will be me? And, you'll be home when I get back from school and have my mid-afternoon meal already on the table? I think it's cool we live in a hot dog.  Weak... I live in a hot dog. 