 Stan, what the hell is wrong with you? I can't understand your lines! No! If we want our play to be better than the kindergartners' play, we have to rehearse as much as possible! Now let's continue the scene! God-damnit, Timmy! Helen Keller isn't supposed to talk! ''How'' good? Alright, alright! Quiet down! Look, we still got four days until the Thanksgiving festival; that's plenty of time to revamp our play! Yeah, but nobody told us ''how'' we had to do it. We can have Thanksgiving stuff and music numbers, too. That's the spirit, gang! Alright. Stan and Wendy, you go out and find some musical instruments! Kenny and Clyde, take some kids and buy some Thanksgiving decorations for the set! Kyle and Timmy, you go out and find a turkey! This is gonna be the best version of the Miracle Worker ''ever!'' Guys, I want you all to meet Jeffrey Maynard. He's South Park's biggest expert on musical theater, AND, he played the lead in ''Les Misérables'' at the Denver Community Playhouse for five weeks. Alright! Places, everybody! Bring in the turkey!  What the hell is that? And ''where''... pray... is our beautiful trick performing turkey?  Kyle? Why do you do these things to me? You say, "No, Timmy, you can't have that turkey! Bad Timmy!" Cool! Can you get it for us? No no!  I can't sleep, Mom! I have to write the lyrics for the opening song of our Helen Keller Thanksgiving spectacular!  Mo-o-om, I have to write these lyrics so the plight of Helen Keller can be realized by the common man.  Come on, you blind bitch! Channel your spirit through me!  OP-pression! Awesome! Do you have a turkey that can do tricks? Yeh. Whoa. Okay! Now we can really get this thing underway! Places, everybody!  Where the hell is Timmy? Uh, that's Gobbles, the physically challenged turkey.  No, Timmy! That handicapped turkey does not go in our play! No, that's right. Only Timmy knows the part. Oh, Jesus! Okay, fine! Helen Keller can have TWO pet turkeys!  Oh, God-damnit, now what are we gonna do?!  Dude, we need your turkey for our play! I know, I know, but listen: Uh, let me try to explain the position I'm in here. The retarded turkey belongs to our friend, Timmy. And Timmy's the only person who knows the part of Helen Keller. So, so tell me what I can do here to make everybody happy? I can't dude. Timmy has a boner for it. Unfortunate accident? You mean, like Geena Davis getting her own TV show?  Oh. Alright, alright! Just get your turkey to stop crapping all over the dressing room and come out for rehearsal! I'll take care of everything.  Okay, uh, hold it. Uh, let's hold it right there a second.  Aw, crap! I must've rigged the wrong light!  Alright, got to write the new lyrics. Lemme see.  Terrible!  I can't write the lyrics for the third act! Nothing's coming to me. Like what? Hey, that's not a bad idea. Oh, man! No, just the same old crap I always see when I close my eyes. Wait. I've got it! The perfect setup for when Helen Keller's pet turkey jumps through the hoop of fire!  Yes! Yes! I have it now!  Alright everybody, let's take our places! I don't know.  I don't know, you guys! Alright, maybe I tried to have Timmy's turkey crushed by a stage light, but I didn't do anything else. I'm not an asshole.  Hey, the fountains you guys installed are shorting out some of our lights. Union Mafia bastards!  Leave?? Leave?? But nobody else knows the part of Helen Keller! ...Alright, fine! Get in costume! What the hell is he doing? Helen Keller isn't supposed to sing!  What the hell did you assholes do?! This is supposed to be the big finale where the turkey jumps through the ring of fire!  They loved it! They LOVED it! That's it? 