 Oh! Me me, me. Me! Me me! Me! Right here! Right here right here. Principal Victoria. Right over here. Nnnnnh!  Rrrrrrr! Principal Victoria. Principal. Yes!   Yeahhh. Who's teacher?! That's Mr. Cartman now, Kyle! And you will be wise not to interrupt my class unless you want to be suspended!  Ey! Don't commend me! It's the students' fault for being so stupid!  Oh, well, thank you. I believe strict discipline along with compassion for my students is catamite to their learning. That sounds like a chance to really make an impact on some students who need it most. How much will you pay me? Three hundred bucks! Did you hear what I said, you guys?! My awesome teaching skill is gonna earn me three. Hundred. Bucks. Whatever. The whole class scored super-high on the test. Yes, but whose idea was it to take the answers out of Garrison's desk? Oh yeah. But whatever, I'm gonna go teach those underprivileged inner-city students and really turns their lives around. Maybe he's right. I'd better be careful how I look.  Your new teacher. I am here... to teach you calculuuus. Okay, everyone take a sillibus and pass it to the amigo behind youuu. Mr. Cartmanez is here to make sure you all get into collehhhge How do I reach these keeds?  This is Bill Beelichick, coach of the New England Patriots He's won three Super Bowls. How? He cheated. He even got caught cheating, and nobody cared. Bill Beelichick proved that in America it's okay to cheat. As long as you cheat your way to the top. No no. If you cheat and fail, you're a cheater. If you cheat and succeed, you're savvyyy. Go ahead, the door's right there.  How do I reach these keeds? Nice form, compadre.  Who wants to argue on a nice day like theees? How about a little pickup game?   Ohoooh, that's one to nothing, amigo! What's the score, ese? Okay, let's go, your turn.  Look at the scoreboard, amigo. No matter how many times you say I cheated, the scoreboard says two, nothing.  Two to nothing, ese! Two to nothing!  How do I reach these keeds? Today we will discuss one of the fundamental ways to cheat: getting material ahead of time.  Have a seat, amigo. Good to have you baaack.  All right. Now, when Bill Beelichick got caught with his camera, he did not panic. He simply said what every good white cheater says when caught: "I mis-interpreted the rules." It's what you must also say when caught cheating! "I mis-interpreted the rules." Say it with me. Good. Again. Again! Now you sound like white people! The answer to #27 is 5. The answer to #28 is 14. All right, uh, everyone review the section on sportscasters forgiving the Patriots for cheating and saying it was no big deal; I'll be right back.  You can't quit now. Come on, what's wrong with you?  All right, let's go get you an abortion. Abortion isn't wrong! What's the one thing I've been teaching you? Yes! And abortion is the ultimate form of chea-ting! You're chea-ting nature itself.  Why do rich white girls get ahead in life? Because they get abortionnns when they're young. They get pregnant, but they still want to go to college, so, whatever, they just cheat. They cheat that little critter in their belly right out of a chance at life. Mexicans are told not to cheat. "Don't cheat! You got pregnant? You have to raise the child." So then ''you'' have to raise the child while the white girls get to go to college and probably have a bunch more abortionnns.  It is at our most challenging times that we must cheat... our very hardest. Uh what? Ih it's not for nothing. Ih, if you're good enough, you can cheat right in front of them. How do I reeeach these keeeeds?!  Even if you feel all eyes are upon you, you cannot give up on chea-ting! Or else you can lose the biggest game of your lives. You are the true dreamers. Tomorrow you will prove it. We will begin by reviewing how to print out cheat sheets as labels for your bottled water.  I reeached these keeeds. 