 Ky-yle! Ky-yle!  Hooowwwdy ho!  Ky-yle!  Ky-yle! Hooowwwdy ho! Howdy-ho, boys. Gosh, look at yuh. You're all growin' up sho fasht. Have you all been brushing behind your teeth? And usin' dental floss? And washin' behind your ears? Oh, I just got a little cold is all. All these new people in South Park are stressful on my home. Well, you see, boys, the sewer is a fragile ecosystem. These new folks in town eat nothin' but cous cous, tofu, and raw vegetables, and it's destroying my environment. That's why, Kyle. That's why. There's only one time of year I can come to the surface, and that's Christmastime. That's why I need you boys to go for me. Don't forget to change your sheets once a week!  Oh, Kyle. Howdy-ho. Well, how did it go? Is everyone gonna stop poopin' in my environment?  Oh. I, I see. Welluh shucks, Kyle, I can't thank you enough for tryin'. Aw I can't. The sun'll dry me out. But I won't last long up above. All right, just let me get my toothbrush.  No, I'm not leaving without you. We started this together, we're gonna finish it together.  Kyle. Be-fore I go there's something I must tell you. Come clo-ser. Clo-ser. There is a-nother Sky-walk-er. Wake up. Come clo-ser. Clo-ser. Closer! One time, when you were sleeping, I put myself in your mouth and had my friend take a picture.  Kyle. Howdy-ho. That was delicious. Hooo''ooowwwdy''-ho! Howdy-ho, folks. I'm afraid my buddy Kyle was right. There's not enough room in South Park to accommodate a festival. Uh, folks, please. Little towns like this simply aren't ''made'' for friggin' films. We love havin' visitors, but golly, too many of you is hurtin' our ecosystem. Be-sides, folks, film festivals shouldn't be about what celebrities are comin' or what film is gonna get sold. It should be about people gettin' together, and watchin' movies, and about people who could never get their movies seen havin' a chance to have it watched, if only once. A ''good'' film festival should be something where we all say, "Gaw, let's forget about lawyers and managers and studios and celebrities. Let's forget ''all'' those things for just a while, and just watch some new art."  Nyyaarrrr!  Hi, Chef. Your big chocolate balls are just the trick!  Gosh. I guess I don't know my own strength. I couldn't have done it without you, Kyle. Kisses. 