 Butters? Butters, are you home?? What are you talkin' about? Hey now hold on. I am a drone hobby enthusiast. I would never use my drone in a way that contradicts the drone hobbyist code of conduct. I assure you, my drone is sitting in the garage. I'll show you. There, you see? It's right there.  I swear I didn't fly it. Butters? Butters, did you hear the drone making any sounds in the garage? Nothing, son. It's nothing. Get back to sleep, pal. Love you. Yes, I'd like to return this drone.  Yes, I'm... I'm not into the hobby anymore. Look, something's wrong with it. It does things, it...  flies by itself.  The battery was half empty. Please, I just want another hobby to get enthused about. You think I didn't try that? I pulled out the SD card. It was all erased. Somehow it erased everything. No, it's impossible. He's not allowed to fly it without my supervision.   Randy. We need to talk. Inside.  Another drone hobby enthusiast whose drone was blamed for something the enthusiast ''didn't recall doing''. Randy, this is very important. Is it possible that you did something contrary to the proper code of conduct for drone-flying enthusiasts? I thought it was just my drone, but I think it might be all of them. Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth! Our drone flew! The battery was drained! The SD card was erased! Butters was the only other person who had access to it! Butters can't use the drone without my supervision! So where does that leave us, Randy?? If they have minds of their own, they're more than spooky! I don't know about you, but I'm starting to feel pretty unenthused about this hobby. Please do not adjust your televisions! My name is Stephen Willis Stotch. The drone that took the video of Craig's mom... was my drone. I didn't want to believe it, but they do things without us knowing. At this point, I have completely lost all enthusiasm for the hobby.  We have to find a way to get rid of them! Before they get rid of us! Time to end this hobby once and for all!  No! NOOOO! We're here tonight to pay tribute to a woman who overcame humiliation, who rose above the monsters invading her privacy and said "No more!" Just when it seemed that we were about to live in a world controlled by drones, she did something miraculous. And someday, our children's children will still be telling stories about how Craig' mom flew through the town and led all the drones away.  