Hey, Dad, do you think maybe we could go to Build-A-Bear today? But they said they were open again, so I-  That I'm never going ever again! I'm never going to Build-A-Bear, am I?!  Wha? Okay. Save me from what?  I sure am, fellas! Whoa! Is it really for reals? Oh! Good job, Stan! Thanks for getting my hopes up, you asshole! Oh boy, is this a dream? The Caballero Grizzly. Wow! Aaaah! God! Daaagh! We gotta surrender, fellas. I'm honestly not having that much fun anyway.  Anything fun happen at school today?! Oh, my gosh! That sounds like so much fun! Yeah! I just wanted to believe in something that would get me out of the house! I didn't give a shit what it was. Butters, for the last time, you can't go to Build-A-Bear! Yes, they're open, but we are not the Johnsons, and we do not go to nonessential businesses when it's nonessential!  What the? What's going on now?! Well are we protesting or are we rioting? Stay here, Butters.  Yeah, what happens when my son is sitting in a room with Craig Tucker, whose father doesn't even wear a mask outside? Well, it's really not a mask if you wear it down around your chin. That's a chin diaper. Spoken like a true redneck! What new teachers? Are you out of your mind? You expect people to wear a diaper over their nose? That's disgusting! Fuck you, Fauci!  Butters?! Butters, you get back to quarantine or you are gonna be grounded! I'm not wearing a damn diaper over my nose! Yeah, we care way more about what's right than you do, bitch!  It's the pangolin. So, so what happens now? Kommunity Kidz, please! If you just give me a shot, why I could be somebody! I could go out to fancy restaurants like all them old people. And eat shrimp as big as my head! Yeah! You're alright, Garrison!  Adults are all vaccinated! Adults are all vaccinated! Something at the town square. Everyone's gathering! No no, it's something to do with the pandemic. Something big is going on. I don't care what changes you've made, my son Clyde is not going to class! Hey everybody. Can everyone hear me okay? Thanks for turning out, everyone. You know, we've all been through a lot these past several months. We've shut down and people have lost their businesses, lost their livelihoods. I also own a small business. I sell weed, and I have to say ... I'm actually doing pretty good. Amazing.  I think people are really excited. What do you think? What?  I'm doing positive to try and help. People really need this right now.  We'll see if they like my special.  Hi, you here for the special? Here you go.  Oh, hang on. Sorry, uh, didn't somebody say the pandemic special was a bad idea? Oh, come on, think about it. Do you even know anyone personally who's dying of COVID? Jimbo's a fat alcoholic who'd be in the hospital anyway. All I'm saying is that we let some dirty virus from "China" completely upend our lives and shut us down! Sharon, I went to China, remember? Last season? I went there to sell our weed and ended up hanging out with Disney and Mickey Mouse. You remember all that? I know what China's like. Doesn't surprise me all this shit came from there. HA. Told ya!   A bat in Wuhan? Hello. Oh, Oh hey!  To China! Boy, you sure know how to party, Mick! I think that's a bat. Hey, Mick? Where'd you go?  Oooh!  I gotta go!  Hey, it's Randy Marsh From, from Tegridy Farms? Look, um, do you remember when we fucked that bat in Wuhan? Well, I've only fucked one! I remember. Right after, I got really sick, and this was all back in October. You told me to fuck the bat! Nobody knew anything about COVID when I fucked the bat! I thought I just came back from China with the flu! Look, we can't let scientists find that bat. My wife is crazy. If she finds out I started the pandemic, she's gonna be a total bitch about it.  Uh... m-maybe. Oh yeah. Cool. Thank you. Okay, thanks. Okay. Okay okay, just stop!   Heyheyhey, whoa whoa! W-what are you guys doing?!  No! No. You know what? You guys are horrible! Just, just stop it right now! You guys-  What? What did he say? No bat involved. No bat involved!  Oh yeah! Oh yeah! It wasn't a bat! It wasn't a bat! It wasn't a bat! In your face! In your face! It wasn't a bat! Okaaay, okaaay, Shhhh. Okay! I don't wanna think about that right now, Mickey! Then what? What the fuck is a pangolin?  Ha ha, ha whoa!  Okay, Okay. Oh, so now it was "rape." Yeah I'm a pandemic specialist. I'm making one right now.  Oh, okay. Oh, sorry.  Yeah thanks.  Why did you send that to me? Yeah, I know, but I can't just turn myself in! This is all your fault, Mickey Mouse! You made the deal with the devil when you sold your Mulan shit to China! And then you took me out and sold me on how great China was, and how we should all suck their dick! You made me lose my tegridy and anything special that I had-!  Special. Wait a minute. That's it! The Special. The Pandemic Special! That's how we can get my DNA into people! We can vaccinate them without them even knowing! Just give me a couple of more days before you have me killed. I-I think I know a way out of this. Shhh. Hey Jimbo. It's okay, Jimbo. I think I might have a cure for COVID.  Shhhh, this is gonna be great. It's okay, it's okay. Just breathe. Breeeathe.  It's okay. It's okay, breathe. Huh? Uh, what? What? They're probably in my pants pocket. Why? The hospital? For what? Jimbo's better? Holy shit.  It works. It can help.  Ogh. Ogh-o.  Ogh. Just...  what?! I'm doing something important, Sharon! People need this right now! What thing?  Huh. That's weird. No! Nonono! Don't call the doctor! They're busy. These are u-un- precedented times. W-we have no idea what caused this.  Everyone's talking about the special, Sharon. It's a big deal. He obviously needs it right now.  Nooo! Shit!  I just... gotta take all the Pandemic Special over to Thompson Lake and dump it. Because the Pandemic Special needs to end! A special has to end, Sharon, or else it's not really a "special," is it?!  Nono, okay, okay, okay, hold on! I'm coming!  Maybe we can just drop the special by the lake on the way. He's not dead, Sharon. No!  Oh my God. Oh God no.  They got Applebee's too. [turns to Sharon] Drive me back to the farm, Sharon. I need to get something.  Wait! Everyone just stop! I have something that might change all of this!  This... is what you've all be looking for, right? Well here! Go ahead and do all the tests you want on it. You'll find out... everything you need to know.  How do I even begin to apologize? You guys were right. I think all the marijuana really did go to my head. You said it: a drug is a drug, and... I'm not who I used to be. It's time for me to own up to everything. It's time everyone knew what started this pandemic.  ...You want nothing to do with the Pandemic Special. Uh huh.  I just... think maybe I'm gonna do a few more specials. You got some shit on your face.   So we still have some of the pandemic special, but the vaccination special is about out! Try 'em both -- the season is about over, guys! A pandemic special, Randy?! Really?! People are hurting! People are dying, Randy! And all you can think about is making a special about it? You are a child, Randy! These are very serious times and nobody wants or cares about your stupid special right now! How was school, Stanley? I know this has all been really hard on you, Stanley. Do you wanna talk about it? Yeah. Well, it's nice you care about our friend, but if you need to talk... I know this is really hard on everyone. I wasn't saying you wouldn't make money, I was saying maybe that's not what should matter right now! Yes! My brother Jimbo, who is in the hospital! Please do not quote the President in front of our child! What? Oh, I don't know if this is a good idea. I thought that the issue was the teachers not coming back. I want to hear this, Randy! I'm not even sure. Do you know what a pangolin is, Randy?  Randy? Randy? Where are the car keys? Randy! Where are the car keys? I have to get over to the hospital. It's Jimbo. Doctor said he's better, so I can take him home. They said he doesn't have any symptoms, and his tests are showing negative.  Randy?! Randy?! Randy, you've gotta get in here! Come upstairs. Something's wrong with Jimbo!  Last night his fever came back. And then a few hours ago, this thing appeared on his face. Jimbo's never been able to grow a mustache. Should I call the doctor? What, Jimbo?  Why's he talking about your special? I'm gonna get the thermometer.  What the hell are you doing?! Dump it? Why are you worrying about this right now?! Goddammit, Randy, our son is out in this chaos!  Fuck you! Stanley! Staaaaan! What if he's dead, Randy?! Then why hasn't he even called?!  What??  If you're ready to talk, I'm ready to listen, Randy.  What? No. I don't smoke marijuana, Randy. Well, what did you want to talk to me about? Good morning, guys. Everyone ready to start school? '' ' Okay, I think we're all here. I see Jimmy and Clyde are on now. Eric, are you there? Oh no, Eric, I think your computer is freezing up again. Eric, you'll just have to listen again, okay? Best you can. So let's start today, guys, by going over yesterday's grammar examples.  Wendy, can you read the first one? Okay, class. Hope everyone had a good lunch.  Number 14. Okay. Well, let's look at it together. ''[Mrs. Nelson gets up from her chair and when she turns around, a big red stain is seen on her back on the skirt.] What?  What? What is -- What is this?  Is this a prank?  Hello?  What do you want? Really? You think I'm gonna let you prank me again? I heard you were the ones responsible for the period prank! Yeah, I don't trust you. I'll just wait until the government decides teachers are important enough to get their vaccinations. You better be at school tomorrow morning, and you better really have vaccinations. For all the teachers! I'm sorry for wasting everyone's time. I don't know why I believed them when they said they had vaccinations.  Yes? Cut the crap! You said you'd be here at 7:00 AM!  Oh, no. I knew this was a prank. You're not tricking me into going anywhere! Boys... you really did it. I -- I can't believe it. For a while there, I thought I --  Good morning. You're not hurting our teacher again! Hey, Cartman!  Dude, they're reopening Casa Bonita this weekend. Do you wanna come with us? Hello. Hi. What are you doing here?? Dude, get out of my house! If you wanna talk, we can go outside!  So? I want an education! I want to be able to compete for a job when I get older! You really wanna spend the next year on Zoom? You're out of your room hanging out with me now! Fuck you!  Hey dude. You think he got the virus? I know. This bullshit sucks. But Butters will be okay. You really think it's that bad? Who else can we call, Stan? Okay! Dude, we made it. A mustache?  Come on, dude. We'd better get outta here before we're spotted. What do you mean? And then do what? Dude, you need people to help you do the stuffing and the closing. You don't- you don't actually build your own bear. Dude, just let it go.  Stan, are you sure this is about Butters? 'Cause you seem really desperate to build a bear. Hey!  I don't believe it. What?  You're not posting anything! Do you have any idea what you've done? What if they make us go back to remote learning?! I don't want to go back to being quarantined at home like some of the other kids still are! Why do people think we all did the period joke? You guys are gonna go and tell everyone the truth about who's fault this is! I didn't do anything! What?! Dude!  Are you just gonna stand there and listen to this crap?! Will you shut up about that!? Nobody cares about your stupid broship!  Yes.  Because you guys pulled a prank and made the teacher leave, and now everybody hates us. What?! Yeah, but we already paid you. We're Kommunity Kidz. We help seniors get vaccinated. Cartman, just stick to the fucking plan! RUN!!  Why did you almost blow it at the very end, you idiot?!  Will you please say something to him?!  All good? I don't see what choice we have.  What?  What are you doing?  We are giving these to the teachers at the school!  Right, Stan?  I'm gonna put these somewhere safe so no one gets tempted to do the wrong thing!  Hey, dad. Look, I'm okay. I won't be home until tomorrow 'cause... well, I'm doing something really important.  You're not... worried?  They're for our teachers. It's not like that. Dad, please don't-  Please don't say it.  Shit.  I'm just getting things ready to go. Alright, Stan, look. It's just the pressure of everything, okay!? My dad called and... I don't want my mom to die.  Nothing, Kenny. Everything's fine. Butters?  You're a part of this too? Oh no! Oh, Jesus, look!   What was that!? You know we can't get into the school! You didn't even try! . He didn't try because he wants to sell the vaccines for money! Wow. Okay. I thought we had gotten past that, but -- Are you seriously saying what I think?  We still have a bunch of vaccines here. What happens now? Uh huh. Do we really have to do this? That- that all seems overly confusing. Aw, come on. What about sleepovers? We can't take those away from Kenny. I don't even know what to say... We set out to do something. I'm not letting our broship fall to the pandi just yet. Mrs. Nelson? We're here! We got your vaccination for you, Mrs. Nelson. I guess it is what's best for everybody. And I'll come pick you up on Thursday, Kenny. Hello. I'm, I'm here. It's not school! It's a freakin' joke. We're not even learning anything. No, I'm fine, Mom! You know, I'm strong. I'm just worried about how this is all affecting weaker kids like, you know, like Butters. Yeah, Uncle Jimbo. Wow, that's great! If they're letting us go back to school, then soon we can get back to everything! I mean, doesn't this mean things are finally going back to normal? Dad? Oh cool! Turn it up! They think they're about to find the vaccine. What's a pangolin, Mom? Do you know what a pangolin is, Dad? Uh, we were there, and Token was actually taken to the hospital because you guys shot him. That doesn't make any sense!  Butters, Butters, you gotta calm down. Kyle, I need to talk to you. I'm really worried. About Butters. I think he's sick. No! It's all the other stuff. The isolation and the uncertainty.  I'm just really worried what all the stuff around COVID is doing to some kids. You know, not every kid is like us. There's some kids who really can't take it anymore.  And what if he's not? What if Butters is actually starting to lose his mind? What if he feels his body shutting down right now? It's time for us to ask for help. From someone who has more authority at this school than these cops. Uh, hi, it's Stan Marsh. I'm sorry. We had to get your attention. Listen, we're being kept at the school, and one of the students here is really sick. Nono, Mr. President, please! You gotta come back to South Park. Our teachers are shooting people. Everyone's arguing and, and there's a facility outside of town that found the pangolin and are working on a vaccine! You might be able to stop the pandemic. ...Huh? But the pandemic isn't just killing Mexicans. You're just gonna sit there and not do anything?! God dammit! Butters. Butters! Don't worry. I'm going to save you! Guys, guys!  Shhh. You guys, we have to get Butters out of here. No! We have to get him out of here! Now! We need to take him... to Build-A-Bear. He has to go out and do something normal! We can't wait around and wait for people to figure things out, okay?! It's not gonna happen! They just keep taking everything from him and saying it's for his own good! But who's to say he can't go out and have a little goddamn fun?! If we want things to go back to normal, then we just gotta go do it! They're just gonna be making more restrictions, and more rules, and who's gonna fight to go back to the way things were? We can make things normal for Butters again, and make school the way it was! Wait, what? No, in a class, with real teachers! I'm talking about normal, like back in March. What normal are you talking about? Look it doesn't matter. We just gotta break the fuck out of here. Okay, all clear! Come on! Go go go!  All right, you ready to have some fun, Butters? Shit shit, get back, back, back, back, back!  Butters, Butters.  Yeah, it's real. Come on! We got an appointment!  Oh, uh hey, excuse me. We had an appointment. But I called. Y-you said you were open today for appointments. Ple-hease, my friend has to build a bear. Ohoh, just give us one minute! We can't go. We don't have a choice. We're gonna have to break in. And then build him a bear. If we have to, yes! I don't care! I'm not following the rules anymore! Here we are, Butters! Look! You made it! No, it's not a dream! We are really here, and we are going to build you a bear! Which one you want? You want the panda? You want the Bronco koala? Caballero Grizzly.  Okay, we just find the sh-shell and the uh, the outfit. It's gonna fucking work! Just fucking shut up!  We're gonna put the stuffing in! Okay, uh, um...  It's okay! We can start over! We can start over! There'a do-over machine right over there! Look!  God dammit!  No, Kyle, we can't let Butters down! No! I'm not giving up! Cartman, no!  Don't do it, Cartman! That thing is our only chance! You guys were right, okay? This hasn't been about Butters. I've been acting like this because I can't take these shutdowns anymore, and I'm scared what it's doing to me! I'm looking for whom to blame. Saying I'm trying to help people to make myself feel better because the truth is... I just wanna have fun again.  Recess is almost over, dude. Yeah, we finally get back to school and have some sense of normalcy and you guys make the teacher walk out!  Do you guys know how hard it's going to be for them to find us a replacement teacher? Okay, grandpa. I don't even know what to do! If you ask me, this whole pandemic has been a giant waste of time!  Yes. Please, Mr. Mackey, we just want to get our old teacher back for everybody, okay? Can you just tell her we're really, really sorry? Hello, sir! Yeah, we assist senior citizens who need the vaccine, but then need help getting to the right place. Holy shit, dude. That was pretty easy! Just pay her, Cartman. Come on, the pharmacist is coming! Oh, great, Kyle. Now he knows there's a plan! Kenny, grab the vaccines! ''[kicks the pharmacist in the leg, while Kenny grabs the tray of vaccines and they run out of the building] Go, go, go, go!!  What the hell did I do?!  I don't see anybody. I think we're safe here until school starts in the morning.  What? I say we take the vaccines ourselves. I mean, why are us kids last? This whole pandemic has been about doing what's best for adults. Maybe for the broship we do what's best for us. Kyle?  What are you doing?  So then why are you replacing some of the vaccines with Cactus Cooler?  I don't want my mom to die either! I can't believe that you would lie to me. That you would hide shit from me.  Yeah, we're gonna go to the school now, buddy.  I just want this over with. Let's get these stupid things to the teachers and go home. We don't have time for this, Scott.   We got to get outta here!  And what about you, Kyle? You were the one trying to take vaccines for yourself this morning! Look, let's just face it, you guys. We don't trust each other and we don't like each other. We can't keep pretending. Look, it's been a hard year. And I think for some people there's just no going back. We can't just force things for Kenny's sake. It's not good for us and it's not good for him.  Yup. A week is a long time for Kenny to be with one person. It would be easier if I just knew I always had Kenny on certain days. Well, I say that out of all of those... the first one makes the most sense.  2-2-3. That's so ridiculous... that it just might work.  Dude, what are you doing? You're gonna get yourself killed. Okay, let's do this. What the fuck is that? Hello, Mrs. Nelson!  Well, I guess this is it...  Everything's gonna be okay, Kenny. I'll see you on Monday. Hey, I wish you guys all the best, huh? Yes, teacher, I'm here. I can't wait to start  schoo... schoo... schoo... oo... oo... Oh no? Can you guys hear me? I just said eh... eh... eh... eh... <poem><i>I'm cut off from the world, isolated, alone. This is what I can existencing. No one can touch me or boss me around. Social distancing-</i></poem>   Yeah Social distancing, Mom.  Computer keeps freezing, Mom. Maybe, if you were an essential worker, we could afford faster Internet. Oh, what a folly a shower seems when my generation is being denied their lives. I can't see my friends. I can't even go to school. How I miss Kyle. Heh heh heh heh. What... the fuck... are you talking about? We can't go back to school: there's a fucking pandemic. They can't do that! Oh no, I see! There's all this horrible stuff going on in the world, but apparently, Cartman's life doesn't matter!   Dude, you are not gonna believe this.  Is your dad home, Kyle? We need to talk to a lawyer! Mr. Broflovski?! They're gonna try and make us go back to school. Maybe you didn't hear me, Kyle! They want us to go back. To school! "So?" What the fuck is-? You really wanna go back to that slavery?! You crazy, psychotic... Kyle, we need to get a lawyer to stop schools from forcing us back! Now, whatever your messed-up beliefs are about "wanting to go to school" You don't have to be on Zoom, there's a million ways around it! Mark my words, Kyle: first they'll force us back to school, then they'll take social distancing away from us completely, and I'll be out of my room having to hang out with you!  Oh my God. They won't get away with this! Pandemic! There's a pandemic! You can't make me go to school!  You can't! Argh! Araraaagh! Nonono! Nonono! You can't make me! You hear me?! You can't make us stay here! This is a violation of our freedom! Who's with me, guys?! Oh my God, I forgot how much it sucks to be around everybody! I think I'm gonna be sick, all over Kyle!  This is bullshit!  Stan's right. If we want things to go back to normal, we have to do it ourselves. I sure as hell will! The way it was! Online, in our own rooms! Wait, what? What normal are you talking about? I'm talking about normal, like three days ago, when everything was awesome. Without any employees? What, do you expect us to just, just... build our own bear? Stan, you really need employee assistance with this. Oh no! You're not ending this pandemic!  ''Your'' only chance! For ''your'' normal, not ''mine!'' I am ''not'' going back to school!  Stan, Kyle, can you come over here real quick? Just come here please, it's important. Hey, Kenny. I got the guys, okay? You wanna talk or you want me to talk?  The four of us just seem really different towards each other and we're worried the past year has put a strain to our broship. Kenny was saying he wants to do everything he can to save the broship, and I agree with him. So we had a really positive talk about it during lunch, and Kenny shared some ideas of how maybe we can navigate through this, and I think we came up with a great idea. Okay, so, you know how chicks have periods right? It's true! Women have "periods" where they bleed from their vagina. Remember earlier today, Stan, you said our teacher was wearing white? So when we talked I said to Kenny "Oh, what if the teacher got her period?" which cheered us up a bit and then we realized today was hamburger day for lunch. There was lots of ketchup laying around. So me and Kenny snuck into the classroom during recess and put it on the teacher's chair, and now when we get back to class there's gonna be a bunch of ketchup  It's going to be amazing, you guys. I'm so excited!  Oh, my God.   That's nasty, teacher. Don't have your period during class time! You guys, I think that might have been the single most hilarious thing we've ever done. Which one should we post, you guys? Should we post the one where you can see the most blood on teacher's ass or the one where she makes the dumbest face? Hey, at least Kenny and I were doing something to try and get that spark back. You know 30 percent of broships didn't make it through the pandemic? Yeah, you missed it! It was the best thing ever!  We put ketchup in the teacher's seat and made her think it was her period! Yeah, pretty much greatest day of our lives. It's not gonna be hard. They'll bring in some lame ass teacher who's desperate to work. How bad can it be? Hey, broships. You ready for some substitute teacher action? This should be fun! Oh, dear Christ, what have we done? Wow, people are really pissed at us for doing the period joke, you guys. Well, because I told them we all did. People know we're bros and that we do everything together! That's right, Kyle, you did nothing. You knew about the prank, you could have stopped it at any time, but you didn't say a word. Silence is violence, Kyle. Oh, my God... Maybe our broship didn't survive.  Hey, Kenny. Guys? Guys, come on. You agreed to counseling.  Hey, Mr. Mackey. We, uh, we've been having a lot of problems and um, we all want to work on our broship, don't we guys? You know this pandemic has been a pressure cooker, and we just feel like we're going through the brotions. You know? Silence is violence, Kyle. Silence is violence. How do we do that?  Oh, hey, hi. We're with the nonprofit service Kids for Kommunity. Both spelled with a K. Yeah bros! Kommunity Kidz spelled with a K. Gets 'em every time. You God damn old bitch! What?! This is becoming the most expensive period joke we ever did!  Oh, you fucking slut! This is why we keep old people in the back of the line!  Hi, Mrs. Nelson, it's Eric Cartman. Mrs. Nelson, we would like for you to come back to school tomorrow, because... we have COVID-19 vaccinations. And it was so uncalled for and so wrong. I mean, especially because we're guys. I mean, dudes sitting around coming up with period jokes, like, how old are we? Seriously? You are so important. Which is why it was so not funny what we did. I mean, what is funny about blood coming out of a woman's vagina? Like, it's sexist, first of all, and you know what else? It's just lazy. Just like dialing it in, that's what we were doing. We were just dialing it in. Hey, we will be there. Period.  Did you guys hear what I said? Relax, guys. She's gonna come. Wow, everyone just really wants a shot.   Oh, my God.  You guys, oh my God, seriously.  You guys know Mr. Lawson? Jenny Lawson's dad?  He's offering us 2,000 bucks for a vaccination. Dude, people really want their shot. I'm asking around to see what they're willing to pay for it. I'm a little Harvey Weinstein. Kyle, this is what our broship needs! We can sell these and go on vacations together, go to shows and theme parks! What's best for us is thousands of dollars. That's always what's best!  I don't know why you don't stand up to him more, it's really disappointing. I can't believe we're actually doing this. There are people out there who really need these vaccines -- who have cash. The fuck are you talking about, Scott? Lil' Qties? With a "Q" and an apostrophe after the "L"? That's way better than Kommunity Kids, guys. I told you, we're getting lazy. Look, you guys have a right to say and believe whatever you want, okay? But what you believe is really stupid. Hi, Mrs. Nelson! How are you? And, you know, we just ran into a little hiccup, so we wanted to see if you could meet us somewhere else for the vaccine. No, no, Mrs. Nelson, it's not a prank! Okay, fine, we'll be there, okay? Just sit tight.  She's not gonna come meet us, Kyle! He what?! Alright, guys. I guess it's time we all had the talk we never wanted to have.  Kenny, you wanna go get on your iPad for a minute? We just -- we really need to talk for a second, Kenny. Look, I downloaded Madagascar 3. You wanna watch with your Troll headphones?  I've been trying as hard as I can to hold things together, but I have to admit... I'm just going through the "brotions." I think I have a plan. Alright, here's the situation --  But we all want what's best for Kenny, so we have to find a way to compromise and move on with our lives. So how do we do it? We use... a 2-2-3.  Kyle, you have Kenny for two days starting on Monday. I have Kenny Thursday and Friday, and then, Stan, you get him for the weekend. Then we switch where I have Kenny starting Monday, Stan gets two days and Kyle gets a weekend. Okay, so we can go alternating weeks --  Each one of us has Kenny for six days and then we rotate.  Alternating weeks with a midweek visit. We have longer stretches, but a change for a break.  Alternating weeks with midweek overnight.  Everything okay, buddy? We're almost done in here, Kenny. You liking that birthday cake-flavored ice cream?  the 2-2-5-5 rotation, where the weekends can actually fluctuate.  The 2-2-3, I agree. This way we don't have to be bros but Kenny still has the best possible life.  This isn't our fight anymore, Kyle. Alright... then let's get those vaccines to the teachers. Well, come on you guys! Let's get inside! Of course we made it!  'Cause our broship can survive anything! Yeah. Thanks. I'll be fine. I already have some new bros I'm hanging out with.  Yeah?   Eric, aren't you supposed to be on your Zoom call? Sweetie, I know these are challenging times. But we all still have to try and do our work. I at least need you to get some of your homework done, okay? And then m-maybe take a shower. Sweetie, it's all going to be over soon. They're actually talking about school opening up again in a few days!  There's going to be a big meeting. Sounds like they're trying to get you, kids, back in school! But they're talking about maybe staggering you kids every other day. Eric, you're going to be able to be with all the other kids again!  Eric, you can't-  We're going back to school!  The Park County School District is holding a parent meeting tomorrow, and officials are hopeful that students can return to school on Monday. The openings come on the heels that scientists are getting closer to finding the origins of the COVID pandemic. All over South Park this morning, children are getting ready for their first day of class. And as they do, scientists say they're closer to finding a vaccine. Another strain of COVID, or simply more COVID-related symptoms? A reported 1 in 10 people in Park County are experiencing mustaches, and nobody seems to know why. The Mayor has called for help from infectious disease experts, and Dr. Anthony Fauci arrived at South park Hospital today to give his advice. Citizens are asked to stay indoors and just try and relax, and maybe enjoy some of the Pandemic Special. The new outbreak in South Park is spreading rapidly, and as highways into town close and governments consider a full lockdown, one question is on everyone's mind: where is the damn pangolin?! Some speculate the pangolin took its own life, while others think that-  Sorry. Sorry, we're getting some breaking news. Oh, God. Students at South Park Elementary have broken quarantine and are now out on the loose! Y-yes, we've been able to trace the virus and confirm that it did, in fact, come from a seedy part of China. And, in fact, we've pinpointed the virus to a certain bat in Wuhan. What we still don't understand is, how did a transmitted disease get from a bat to a human? How can a virus jump species like that? We just don't know. Yes, now that we have the animal in our possession, we'll finally be able to unlock what caused a virus to jump from it to humans. Nono, the virus did not come from a bat. We were able to break down the virus enough to see there was actually no bat involved. When we tracked the virus, we found it did originate in Wuhan, but from a species called pholidota. It's a pangolin. And here it is, right over here.   You see, this pangolin's DNA has mutated, which is what we believe started it all. We're not completely sure, but we believe now that something somehow... got its DNA up into the pangolin. Well i-it's almost like another creature somehow inserted its DNA up into the pangolin. Again, what really matters is that we decode the foreign DNA inside the pangolin. That would be the key to the vaccine, perhaps even a cure. We have to know what raped the pangolin. Excuse me, sir. Who are you?  This tour is for scientists that specialize in pandemics. Are you... a pandemic specialist? Uh-kay. Anyway, if you all follow me now to the micro labs, I can show you the containment system for once a vaccine is able to be tried.  Yes. You see, what we needed was the foreign DNA that was up inside the pangolin. It's whatever that DNA was that was our key to the cure.  Now we have hope. We've learned that we might never get back our old lives, but by working together, we just might find a new way to-  Here's to China! Haha. Oh my God! Look at her! Haha! She's so hot!  Yeah! It's a bat! It's a mouse, with wings! Haha, haha. Oh boy! Haha! Randy, you gotta try it! Go ahead, take a turn! Then sell fucking Epcot Center! If we can't get people on the rides, then sell the fuckin' thing!  What?! Fucking what?! Haha. What do you want, Marsh?! I'm in the fuckin' weeds here! I've fucked a lot of bats! Jesus Christ, you fucker! You started all this! You didn't quarantine yourself after you got home?! Haha haha. Dude, I still can't believe you fucked that bat. Haha. Haha. You really let her have it! Oh boy! I'm just impressed, that's all. I mean, if you can handle a bat, then... You ever have sex with a pangolin? Haha. Because you're a dead man, Marsh. It's your DNA that they need for a vaccine! Haha! This isn't personal, Marsh. It's business. I'm having you killed, then secretly we'll send your DNA to the scientists for the vaccine. Haha. What's it? Haha. What are you talkin' about? Hey! Excuse me , y-you're Randy Marsh, right? Yeah. Look man, I just wanna say thanks, you know? The Pandemic special is really amazing. Nono, listen. You... you're awesome! All this horrible stuff going on and... well, you come along and try to fight it! Y-you see, I... I lost my wife... to the virus. My kids, I... I don't even know how to talk to them, you know. Just... just thank God for your Pandemic Special. Thank God. It's a great special, it really is. No, it's an awesome special. And i-and it was a great idea to do a special. M'kay, welcome, parents, to this all-school town meeting to talk about how we're gonna get your kids back into the classroom. Can everyone hear me okay?  Okay, well, parents, we've made some amazing adjustments and hirings, m'kay? We believe we can welcome students back on Monday. M'kay? Okay. Okay, everyone. Alright.  Okay, BOOM!  Mr. Donovan! And that is your prerogative. Mute!  Mmkay, Mrs. Marsh. That is correct. Our teaching staff does not feel safe to return, BUT... we have hired all new teachers, m'kay? These are people who have recently lost their jobs due to recent events and are desperate for work. Mmkay, so they'll do just about anything. M'kay. mmkay, parents? Can everyone hear me okay?  Will you just come on. You gotta loosen up, Mr. Adler. We can get in. Just comb your hair, you know, look your best. I can get us in.  Oh, uh, hey, uh, we'd like to get in there and get some vaccinations, mkay. Well, no, I'm not on the list. I tried to get on the list. I sat on my computer 30 nights in a row trying to make a vaccination appointment and get on the God damn list. Look, the thing is, we are school faculty, mkay. You gotta let us in. Uh, yes it's uh, Tom, Fireman Tom, mkay. I don't know what you're talking about! I'm a hero of the community.  I'm Fireman Tom! Think my life doesn't matter!? I show you what matters.  Stop doing donuts in the school parking lot! I said you old people need to --  What?!  Guess what, boys? I don't care. I come here and I listen to you kids bitch about your stupid problems everyday and I'm 50 years old!  I could die tomorrow from this Covid shit! It's not that simple. There's only one way you're getting your teacher back, and that's if teachers get their hands on the vaccine.  There's a place in town... Very hard to get into. Very exclusive. Walgreens. I've tried to get in many times... Dressed like a fireman, mkay. Dressed like a little ol' lady, but they got security up the ass.   How are you going to do this? How can this happen, Doctor? Oh, here we fucking go again! Stop mask shaming, Stotch! There's no real proof that a mask even fuckin' does anything! Hey, Stotch!  You heard what the scientist said! Get your diaper up over your mustache area! Look! Oh, fuck you!  I saw Wendy's mother not wearing a mask in the changing room at Ross. The fuck are you doing spying on me in the changing room?! I was at Ross-  Don't you care about people? Alright, men! As you all know, due to recent events totally beyond our control, we have lost most of our funding. But this new venture will be great. and I know we will all thrive as elementary schoolteachers. This might be our last chance at a job, so I don't want any unnecessary deaths.  Ahp! Ahp! No unnecessary deaths! And let's show this town just what great leaders we can be. This is gonna be great. Alright, children, welcome back to class. I'm your new teacher, Detective Harris, and this is our homeroom teacher's assistant, Officer Johnston. Let's start the day off with some math. Does anyone understand math? Who would like to lead the class with some math?  I don't know if I can do this, Mitch. I fuckin' hate kids. I can't be a teacher. Got 'im! Alright, students. shut up.  I know this situation is not ideal, but we all have to quarantine together for two weeks. You don't want to infect your families, do you? You were all exposed to a student here who was taken to the hospital due to COVID. Yes? Yes, due to COVID. If it weren't for COVID, all the previous teachers would have still been here, we wouldn't have been in the class, and nobody would have gotten shot. Therefore, the young man is in the hospital due to COVID.  Don't blame this on us teachers! You opened the school and gave us barely enough resources to do our job! Well, I don't know what you're gonna do, Mayor. You took all our funding away. You said our equipment was too extreme. Now, if we had some of that stuff back... Tsst-tst-tst-ch-ch-ch!  Boys? We are back in business! Possible COVID exposure at 4 o'clock!   Protesting slash looting is a violation of the Mayor's health order! You have five minutes to come out or we will have to take action All right, that was about five minutes.  Who the hell is that? Tom, I'm standing in front of the newly built viral research center where scientists say they have found the animal which started the coronavirus.  The creature was located in China and then flown to the facility here, where scientists are studying it thoroughly. You traced the virus to Wuhan, but what you found was not a bat. Is that correct? And what exactly is pholidota?  and could be running around spreading mustaches right now! It's all we got, sir  a marsupial of your choice or a fun thing you did over the summer. Now, listen! We're gonna start fingerpaintin' right now! That's enough!  Ow!  The pangolin has mutated, how? Yeah! Look how ugly that thing is! How exactly could that happen? Oh, come on! What kind of animal would have sex with a pangolin? Perhaps some other species somehow mated with the pangolin?  Yeah, yeah. It was COVID-related. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And scientists are asking all South Park County residents to keep an eye out for the creature. Once again, the pangolin escaped from the facility yesterday, and many people are fearing the worst. Scientists say that even though they have samples from the pangolin, they now don't have what they need for a vaccine. Hello! Anyone home??  Got a delivery here. Needs a signature. Oh, he-hey, if you're gonna come any closer, would you mind wearing a, you know, chin diaper? Here you go. Just sign right there.  Oh, and hey, I'm really loving the pandemic special. Randy? Wha-what are you-? Uh, uh... No, uh...   Special... Pandemic... uh special...  We miss you, honey. We can't wait for quarantine to be over! Huh. Group 4, your meal is over! Back to your class!  Alright. Group 5, it's now mealtime. Come in, but keep your social distance.  Yeah, that's good social distancing. Real good. Mr. President, the CDC is on the line. They need to speak with you urgently! Tell them to suck my asshole. Ooo! Tell Fauci to shove it up his ass, and let the FDA chief know he can eat shit off my balls.  Yes, this is the President of the entire United States. Stan Marsh? Where's Mr. Slave? Oh, for Pete's sake, here we go again.  Just deal with it. I am busy. Why would I do that? Stan, this is gonna be very difficult for a child to understand, but I made a promise to the American people- to get rid of all the Mexicans. It's killing a lot of them. I've gone over the statistics, Stan.  All I have to do now is sort of guide the avalanche in the right direction, and I'm fulfilling my promises to the American People. I was doing a crap job until this pandemic happened. I am going to actively not do anything. And you can eat shit off my balls and die.  Don't forget to get out and vote, everybody! Big election coming up.  Mr. President, Dr. Fauci is on line 2 and the FDA chief is on line 3. Sir! Sir, you have an urgent call on line 4 from a Mr. Slave? And you say you've never had a mustache before? Have you put anything toxic in your body lately? Any drugs or alcohol? Oh, nonono. That-that's totally fine. Holy shit! No! Never! It just came outta nowhere! No! I mean... I've enjoyed a little of the Pandemic Special...  Oh, okay, Kyle. Sounds good! Thanks, buddy! Hey, we trust you, Kyle!  Say, Kyle, we heard you have some COVID-19 vaccinations. Oh, okay. Yeah, that makes sense. You know, if you think your teacher is worth saving more than us... Well, it sounds like that! Sounds like your teacher's life is more important than your mom and dad's!  School kind of abandoned you kids. But your parents, well... we didn't shove you off into a Zoom meeting, did we? You know, we're not spring chickens anymore.  The virus is still out there, Kyle, and it's still killing people. I don't know how you'd feel if mom or me got COVID and died in these last few months because you did nothing. Don't do nothing, Kyle. You know what, Kyle? Silence is violence, Kyle. Don't kill mom, buddy.   Hey, Garrison! Good job! Doctor? You better come to the emergency room!  We aren't sure why some people are getting a mustache and some aren't, but we have to do all we can to avoid it becoming fashionable. Yes, but we must wear them where the mustache would be. We need to wear them over our mouth and nose. Will our chin diapers keep us safe? Nice.  What? Who is it? Are you nuts?? Um... so does Oprah drink the same blood as Obama, or is it usually a different kid?  I guess 2021 is gonna be just like 2020. Stan, Build-A-Bear is currently by appointment only, and only a maximum party of four can visit at one time. TIMMAH!   Super-spreaders!   For Christ's sake, the entire town is in chaos! How the hell did you let those kids out of quarantine?! Everyone is terrified of catching something from these super-spreaders! We certainly don't want you, teachers, to be without every resource available. I'll write an executive order to get you everything you need.  YEAH! YEAH! YEAH! YEAH! YEAH!... Oh no, s-sorry. We're closed. Yeah, we had to shut down again. Somebody came into the store with a mustache.  I'm sorry! These are unprecedented times! Hey, can we have some of that Pandemic Special? The pangolin! He's found it! The pangolin! Whoa! And since the students broke quarantine, all South Park residents are now exposed and under complete lockdown for the unforeseeable future.  Oof, I feel silly. They're not gonna let us in! But this is the most popular place in town right now! Come on, man. We've been waiting for hours. You guys have plenty of vaccinations in there, just let us in, man. You suck. You suck you stupid old people! Come on, man, it's ridiculous that people can't get in. Hey, I'm in Kommunity Kidz, too!  Hey...  You're not taking my shot. This is my shot! 55 and older and first responders only.  Are you on the list? ! Get the fuck outta here. I said you're not gettin' in! You're wasting your time!  So then go to Israel. You're not getting in, pal I said get lost, you're not getting in.  Get outta my face.   I don't see you anywhere on the list. Is anybody here actually on the list?!  Will you fucking get lost, pal? Alright, that's it. Who are you? Oh, really? That's pretty damn awesome you guys. I wish more people could be like the Kommunity Kidz. Go on in.   No, no, you have to let in people with health issues first! I'm a chain smoker and my wife is 39 pounds overweight.  Old people suck! I have a compromised immune system! I have genital warts, and I will show them to you. Hey, hey, man, I'm a friend of Dan Roberts -- he's a dental assistant in conifer... Awwww! Boo! Awwww! Come on!  79, bitchessss! (You can talk.) (What do you mean, dude?)  (I've been having a lot of problems with my friends. It just seems like the pandemic exposed problems we didn't even know were there. To be honest, I'm not sure that I even see a future with these guys.)  (We're actually gonna sleep here?) (Yeah?)  (Hey, guys, what's going on?) (Okay.)  (What? No, I wanna hear this!) (Yeah, okay.)   (Yeah, what's going on?) (Yeah, it's fine, but I --) (What are you guys talking about?) (Huh?) Mrs. Nelson, I couldn't figure out number 14. I think... her parents pulled her out school and get her a private tutor. Umm..., I'm pretty sure it's because her parents hate you? Because I was talking to them about it... Because... I hate you too. Ewwwwww!   Oh... I'm baaack! Hey, South Park! I'm home! Oh, yes, I've got a lot of baggage! Hey! Hey, Valmer! How're you doing?   Hey, hey, lookin' good, Thompson! Did your wife get that AIDS test?! You know, the simple truth is, teaching is my life.  I realize that now more than ever after my little sabbatical. Well, I just went through a little thing. You know, I... I realized I was gay. And then I realized I wasn't gay, I was a woman. And after I transitioned, I thought it was a little mistake and then I went through a phase of being the President of the United States. Oh, that's not a problem. Anyone who has been President is assigned secret service for the rest of their lives to keep them protected.  This is my private security, Mr. Service.  Hey, kids! Guess who's baaaaaaaaack? Well, I know you've all had a lot of time off this past year. But it's time to get you all back on track. Now, I expect discipline and respect in this classroom -- both to me and your new teacher's assistant, Mr. Service.  Okay, let's see... Scissors, paper, glue. Ah! Some good old fashioned number 2 pencils. That's what my students need. Mr. Service, can you grab a couple boxes of those pencils over there?  Okay, I think that's all the school supplies we need. Let's grab some healthy snacks for the class snack basket.  Look, I'm just a teacher. Okay? Just a teacher, I'm shopping for my class. The word is get a fucking life, jackass! Blow shit out your dickhole!  Alright, children, let's take our seats.  We're gonna make sure you lazy ducks have still been studying through this whole pandemic. Yes, Mr. Service?  You always know where Wendy is! Where is she?!  A private tutor?! Why would they get a private tutor?! What makes you think that?! I am trying to get things back to normal around here!  Why is everyone acting like this?! Why is everyone against me?! I'm gonna get to the bottom of this! Come on, Mr. Service!  Alright, just what the hell do you think you're doing?! Go tutor someone else! You think you can take my students from my classroom?! That's right, it's me! The head teacher at South Park Elementary! And this is what I think of private tutors! Get her, Mr. Service!  Now who's in charge of all you tutors?! Choke her out, Mr. Service! Who started this bogus tutoring company?! I'm listening! The Whites? That guy was harassing me at the grocery store! Come on, Mr. Service. It's time to deal with the Whites.   Get them, Mr. Service!  God damn right you did something wrong! Our public school system is dying and you tutors are trying to take advantage of it! You'll never be like me! I've been a teacher for 30 years! I'm just trying to get my old life back and assholes keep getting in my way! They have to know what!?  Everyone's being manipulated... So that's why everyone in town is being such an inconsiderate jerk about me coming back? Who are they?  Jesus, you people really take this seriously. I got an e-mail that all teachers are about to be vaccinated at the school! You're telling me they're all going to become mindless zombies who are fine with child murder? Aw geez, we gotta get to the school!  Hey! What the hell just happened?  Oh, my holy Jesus!  Come on, Mr. Service, we have to get back to the school!  Mr. Service's balls are freezing! How do the elites control Mr. Service's balls?  Listen! Listen, whoever you are! I don't give a shit what you do! Please! I just want my old life back! I don't care what you do to kids, I just want people to like me again! Aah! Mr. Service!  Ah, oh, okay, what the hell is this? Hey, come back! How would you like to make a deal?  I think I can help things out here! Listen! Listen, everybody. I -- I think I owe you all a big apology. I came in here expecting everything to just go back to normal, but... we've all been through the proverbial butthole of hardships lately. I thought we could all just magically be friends again. But relationships are very fragile things.  Alright, boys, do your thing! It's Air Israel with enough vaccines for every adult in town!  Oh, jeez. Thanks, everybody.   Holy shit, is that who I think it is?  Any luggage from below, sir?  Hey! Fuck you! Yes... Your, sabbatical was somewhat controversial. Well, that is the problem, Mr. Garrison, as someone who previously identified as President, there could be safety issues. Uh, thank you for your application, Mr. Garrison. We'll keep you in mind as a backup, but hopefully the vaccination process is going to start opening up. Hello. Sir? I don't know, sir.  My... My balls are freezing, sir.  Aah! Aah! ''[the cursor shrinks him down. Mr. Garrison walks up to him to see what happened; he has been transformed into Mr. Hat] Yeah, you know, in Israel they vaccinate everybody. Israel's way cooler than this lame place! I tried... I couldn't get in.  I, I have to have this shot!  Tom, I'm outside of the hottest place in town, and what we'd like to do now is take you  for an exclusive look inside.  I'm actually willing to go inside and get a shot so that everyone can see just how safe it is. Please give me a shot.  Just that one shot that could change everything. Tom, I'm standing outside the ultra-exclusive Walgreens where earlier today vaccines were taken by that group of young Robin Hoods, the Kommunity Kidz. These brave kids have taken it into their own hands to get people a shot. That's all people want, just a shot, and these boys have made it so you just might get that shot. And have a chance at hope and some happiness in this   Tom, I'm standing outside South Park Elementary, where the Kommunity Kidz were set to distribute vaccines to the public. That's when a rival gang showed up and tried to stop them, and the fighting is still going on now.  You can see behind me most of the damage is done, but it is still raging on, Tom. You can see this awful gang is trying to stop the Kommunity Kidz, just because the Kommunity Kidz believe in something and actually -- and actually care! They care enough to do something! What do you mean, Tom? Oh, yeah, well, the difference, Tom, is that you're a giant piece of shit. That's the fucking difference! You're gonna even remotely defend these monsters when Kommunity Kidz are promoting change, just -- Fuck you, Tom! I'm out!   Yeah -- yeah, I see what you did there, Tom. That's real fucking cute.  Yes, that's totally true if you're a corrupt dickhead without morals. You gotta be fucking -- Yeah, let's get back to the weather, you cunt. We've just received devastating news here at South Park Elementary. It appears that the Kommunity Kidz... are breaking up. They have asked for people to...  "Respect their privacy in these difficult times," and it appears that the strain of this pandemic, from people like you, Tom, was just too much. Yeah, here we go!You just couldn't leave 'em alone, could you, ya prick?! They broke up 'cause of you and your stupid -- wait. Wait, wait, wait. Wait a minute, what is this?  Tom, one of the Kommunity Kidz has shown up to the school... with the vaccines! Whoo-hoo! Yeah! Hahahaha! Yeehhhh! Partyyy! Where to next, everybody? That was our second shot. Let's go out to the bars! Hah? Can't hear ya. Got too many antibodies in my ears! Hey there, Billy! Still gotta wear that mask, huh? We're all vaccinated now. I'm gonna go out to the bars and get some pussy! Have fun social distancing, loser!  Yeahhhh! Sayyy... When are they gonna vaccinate you kids? Oh, yeah! You're last!   Awwwwww! Yuck! Nice going, you dumb cocks! Stupid assholes! You guys are dicks. I guess so. Huh?  Daaad?! I don't think so, Kommunity Kidz! You're not poisoning anybody with those vaccinations! I've learned the truth! And I won't let you hurt the teacher! You don't understand! I'm part of a militant group now! A secret cabal of patriot children!  Lil' Qties!  Move in on my position, Qties! For the past year, our feelings and our needs have been put dead last! Do you guys really trust anybody anymore? Now just put down the vaccines and walk away, Kommunity Kidz. We'll see who's stupid!   Wait, he's the Chosen One? It's "Gnomes", "Underpants Gnomes". We are essential workers!  Yeah, yeah. Get in line with the rest of us! Would you look at that? He ruined our entire country and now he's just back like nothing happened. Uh, hey! Excuse me?!  Hey, uh, I'm not sure if you remember me. Bob White? I just want you to know I was always on your side. In fact, all of us Whites were really on your side.  So, look, uh, what are we supposed to do now? You know, I'm a follower of QAnon. What are we supposed to do to stop the vaccinations? They're vaccinating people right now, seeding people with their microchips! Surely, you have a plan?! We're on the internet every night waiting for word. Did you hear that, honey? He said 'shit... out your dickhole'... He's trying to give us some kind of signal. My friends, these are very dangerous times. Our country's future is at a precipice. And that is why I have called together every QAnon follower in our town. They didn't win! We just recently received a new coded message. Not from Q... From the chosen one.  Blow shit out dick hole - BSDH. We all know what BS is, but DH? It didn't make sense. Until my wife reminded me that DH are the initials of David Harris, the anon from Akron, Ohio who said that the elite use Latin to send coded messages. Out your dick hole -- Anno Yanis Domini Homme. Do what he does. The chosen is teaching now. He's taking Q's message straight to the children. And he wants us to do the same. There's an incredible shortage of teachers right now. He's trying to tell us that this is our time to strike! The elite want to fuck with our kids? We'll fuck theirs!  Forget all the Zooms and masks and social distancing at school.  Let Tutornon save your child. Literally! Hah? Let's forget it, Bob. The bad guys won. We're supposed to be teachers? I feel like someone pooped on my life. You got a message from Q? Forget the classroom! Tutornon is bespoke learning that is straight from the internet  to your child. ''[then points to the girl; camera changes to another Tutornon member who sits at his desk]' This is a fact. We are all being controlled by an elite, wealthy, and privileged few.  Now, do you have any questions, Craig? It's kids from all over the world. Now... it's time for me to tell you the biggest thing that the Hollywood elites don't want you to know --     It's... it's secret... No! Please!  It was... it... It was... the Whitessss.  Alright, so where's my Goddamn money? I told you I already got the vaccine. I'm doin' this for the cash! Oh, I must have Alzheimer's, I'm just an olllld lady.  Pay again or I squeal. Oh, actually I'm not sure. I have a little Alzheimer's. Might need a little more greenback to jar my memory. They're lying about Kommunity Kidz! Excuse me, what are you children doing in here? Oh, well that's very great. These boys are helping you, ma'am? What plan?! It's community with a C like normal?!  Kommunity Kidz have vaccines! For the last time, Ellen, I don't want our son going to that public school! Mr. Garrison is a terrible teacher, he has no grip on the classroom and he's the worst president we've ever had! So we can get him a private tutor! It's that son of a bitch Mr.Garrison. He's gonna completely screw up our kids. Alright, Scott. Your new tutor is here.  You better pay attention and listen to everything he has to teach you! But Scott has to go to school, dear. We can't afford a private tutor, you know that.  Hey, guys, what's the problem?  Well, that's why we pulled Tweek out of school. Haven't you heard? There's a brand new private tutoring company that's fast and affordable! Has your child fallen behind in school?  Contact Tutornon today! On Facebook, YouTube and Twitter! Then call us! The tutors at Tutornon!  We sift through all the information on the internet and present it to your child for a uniquely curated experience.  Hey, there! Ready to get back on track with your schoolwork? We'll be great, thanks!  Alright, sit down. We don't have much time! Tom Hanks and Oprah are just two at the very top of an elite group of people who control everything we see and do. They feed upon children in order to maintain their elite status, and that isn't the worst of it. Do you know what pedophilia is? Here, let me show you. Okay, thank you, Chris. We'll get back --  Yeah, that's basically what the Lil' Qties are doing too, right, Chris? Well, the Kommunity Kidz are acting on something they believe in and so are the Lil' Qties, am I right? What is the difference? Okay, let's just -- And explosive powder keg of humanity is set to go off at South Park Elementary!  Thousands of people have turned up to get their shot -- that one shot that could change everything. But also in the crowd are several people who want to stop those vaccines from happening. At the center of it all -- that amazing group of kids who are just taking the time for what they believe is right. I'm talking, of course, about the Lil' Qties. A group of youngsters that believe vaccines are harmful -- I'm not trying to be cute. I'm saying if these kids really believe the horrific things they believe, then they'd be bad people not to go out and do something about it, wouldn't they? Okay, okay, Chris, let's just get back to the weather.  Oh, here we go, here we go. Okay, let's just -- Gimme a shot! Please I need a shot! Go get that will you, Crystal?  Who is it, sweetheart?  What's this all about? Did we do something wrong? But we were just trying to be like you! But we have to tell children the truth! They have to know! About-- about the whole thing! About the vaccinations! That the pandemic was blown out of proportion! Good, sweetie!  Don't you understand everything is being manipulated! Yes. They don't want people to like you. They need people to hate you! They're the elites. They do whatever they want and they feed on the pain and torture of children! And if anybody starts to care, they'll just cut us off when we tell the truth! And the truth is that --   Come on! I can show you my Q headquarters! Vaccinations are nothing more than a way for the elite and powerful to control us.  We've been trying to warn everyone, and then Q released a new post saying the most important day woud be March 4th. At first it didn't make sense. Nothing's happening on March 4th! Until I saw a Super Bowl ad for a new streaming service which launched on March 4th! Streaming is also the term used for nano-technology microchips invented by Bill Gates that are being put into a liquid and then shot into people's arms as a vaccine! The Hollywood elites!  All of them, rich, powerful people who got to where they were by drinking adrenochrome from tortured children! Anyone who gets vaccinated is going to be tracked and manipulated for the rest of their lives. Yes! I'll let all the other 'anons know!  Let's do this! It's the Hollywood elites! They're on to us! Come on!   Don't want the truth coming out, huh? Damn you! We'll get to the school! You can't stop us!  Don't give in to them! They're trying to make a joke of everything! That's what they do! You still don't get it, do you?! They don't just drink adrenochrome, they run the show! The whole damn show!  Oh, you don't like that, do you!? Don't want the world to know that! What?! What are you saying?! No, stop! They're monsters! You son of a bitch! Aah!  It's the savior of our country and still president of the United States who was impeached unjustly.  Aah! That Venezuelan socialists switched out circuit boards from voting machines in 12 states! You don't even know what those vaccines are doing to people! This is my shot! My shot! Who the hell is doing all this? Finally, I'm gonna get my shot!  It's him! It's the Chonen One! He's come to save us all like the prophecy foretold on the internet! As a teacher, Mrs. Nelson did everything she could for her students. So it seems even more unfair that she... was just a few days late in getting the vaccine before she died of COVID. And now as Mr. Garrison takes over teaching for Mrs. Nelson permanently...  And so it's time for adults to screw these masks and party like it's 2021!  Hey, look at Walgreens! Nobody's going! Yeah, that place used to be so cool and now it's lame! Back inside the retirement home, old people! All the fun places are ours again!  