 Stop it, Cartman!   Wow, cool.  Why do people have to keep reminding us of what we don't have?! Kaii yo!  Yeah. And my powerful nunchakus make me into Bunroku , a deadly but compassionate ninja who protects those in trouble.  No dude, we can't go around showing our weapons to people. Our parents'll find out we have them.  You don't know anything about Jews, fatass! I still say this is a bad idea. But don't tell anybody we have them. Okay, hang on guys. I'll use my special power to see into the future and find out where we should head next. God dammit, Cartman! You can't keep making up new powers! No asshole! From now on you only get to have ''one'' power! So what is it?! That doesn't count, fatass! Who the hell is that? Whoa. Well, let's see how he likes the icy blasts from my nunchucks of Sokuromoto!  Okay, okay, you can have your powers back. God dammit Cartman! What the hell did you do ''that'' for, Kenny?! Oh man! We are in serious trouble! I agree with Cartman! You don't understand what my mom will do to me if she finds out I was playing with weapons! Stop dude! You're gonna scramble his brain! If we take him to the hospital, they're gonna find out what happened.  God? Please, if you get me out of this, I swear, I will never play with weapons ever again. Oh no. That is the dumbest idea you guys have ever come up with! I'd ex''pect'' this stupidity out of Cartman, but ''you'', Stan?! Butters needs medical attention right now! We need some more fur.  I think that's good. We've gotta hurry, it's getting late!  Quick, hide Butters!  He said, not now, Craig! I swore to never fight again. Oh no. Butters!  Butters! He got a ninja star stuck in his eye, and we were taking him to the vet when you fucked it all up! Butters! Butters! Hey Butters! Dude, look!  Uuuh, Chef, you haven't seen Butters around, have you? Yeah, we know. Butters! It's hopeless, dude! Butters must have made it to the hospital. By now our parents probably ''know'' we were playing with weapons! We have to get rid of the evidence!   Dude, we have to get rid of our weapons so at least we can try to deny everything. We don't have time for that, dude! We just have to ditch them! Now! Screw you, fatass!   I- I can't do it... I can't do it. I... Listen, doucher! Our parents are gonna kill us, and you, if they found out that we bought these! Where?! Then it's ''not'' too late! We have to get past them! You have ''that'' power too? Oh dude, we are gonna get it now. Dude, they don't care we knocked Butters' eye out with weapons?  Uh, yeah! I agree! Uh- my fragile little eight-year-old mind didn't know how to deal with what I was seeing. C-Cartman should be punished! Yeah, I c- I can't believe it.  So I guess this means we get to keep our weapons. 