It stood above us looking down with these big red eyes,- and I yelled. I said, "What do you want from us, monster?!" And the monster bent down and said, "...Uh I need about tree-fitty."  Three dollars and fifty cents. That's right. I said "I ain't giving you no tree-fitty you goddamn Loch Ness monster! Get your own goddamn money!" She gave him a dollar. Well of course he's not gonna go away, Nellie! You give him a dollar, he's gonna assume you got more! And that was the third time we saw the Loch Ness monster. Then one time, I believe it was July- August. There's a knock on the door. I open it, and there's this cute little girl scout- And she says to me, "How would you like to buy some cookies?" And I said "Well, what kind do you have?" She had thin mints, graham crunchy things- Raisin oatmeal, and I said "We'll take a graham crunch. How much will that be?" And she looks at me and she says, "...Uh I need about tree-fitty." Well, it was about that time that I notice that girl scout was about eight stories tall and was a crustacean from the protozoic era. I said, "Dammit monster! Get off my lawn! I ain't giving you no tree-fitty!" It said, "how about just ''two''-fitty?" I said, "Oh, now it's only ''two''-fitty!! What?! Is there a sale on Loch Ness munchies or something?!" Damn right, I was angry! Aah, shut your mouth, woman! Sure. That crazy old monster  Now, then the fourth time I saw the... Could I have your attention please?  Ooh there I go! I ''told'' myself I wasn't gonna cry, now. Oh, I remember when Chef was just a three-year-old little man. He came running up to me with a big smile and his little chef's hat on, and he said, "Poppa, poppa!" I said "What do you need, Chef, my boy?", and he said, "...I need about tree-fitty." Well, it was about that time I got suspicious. I said, "Chef, why do ''you'' need tree-fitty?" He said, "My imaginary friend Goo-Goo the dinosaur wants it." I went to my son's room, and sure enough, there was the Loch Ness monster! I said, "''Dammit'' monster! You stop bugging my children now! We work for our money in this house and we don't give money away!" So I chased the monster down the street, you see...  ...And then these aliens had me up on their ship, right? They was probing me and all that. Don't matter what we had for dinner woman! Now this alien had a big head and big black eyes, and it was all bent over me. I said, "What do you want from me, alien?!" and do you know what he said? Uh. Let me tell the damn story now! He said, "tree-fitty." And so I realized I that it wasn't no alien, it was that God-damned Loch Ness monster again, trying to trick me into giving him tree-fitty by dressing up like an alien. Don't that just beat all?! What?! You gave that monster another damn tree-fitty?! Well no ''wonder'' the damn monster keeps coming back to our house! You keep giving it tree-fitty! She's a goddam Succubus!  Hold on, now, I'll see if I have tree-fitty! 