It's Jimmy, actually. My name is Jimmy, PC Principal. Says who? That was an op-ed piece in the paper written by a first grader who found the school lunch policy to be ridiculous, and he thought "r-retarded" to be the best word to describe it. As the editor of the paper, I didn't think it was right to censor the words the student used. No. You're new here, so you don't understand how seriously I take my job as editor of the school paper. I don't allow ads, and I don't allow anything that might t-t-t-taint the truth behind what people are thinking. i don't want people to be afraid of words if it stops them from having a dialog. Why? Are you uncomfortable around people with disabilities? That's okay. Lot's of people are. I can't hand out the school paper in school? Yep, got it. Don't forget to read the school paper! Now delivered directly to your door.   I'm not confused at all, actually, PC Principal. I'm pretty sure that you're the one, but go ahead. Are you serious right now? Do you want to ask him what he means by that, or are you just pandering because you're uncomfortable around disabled people? Hey Nathan, hold up. What were you doing in there? Come on Nathan, you and I both know you use the word "retarded" 400 times a day. What are you talking about? Nice to meet you, Brad. Where do you guys-? That's right. What is this for? Sorry Charlie, but I don't allow ads in my newspaper. That's called "sponsored content." I know the difference between the news and ads. Do you think I'm stupid? Sth-sth-sth, stick it up your ass! Yes. Officer Barbrady? Does this have to do with me calling the school principal a pussy crusher? You mean ISIS or ninjas? I'd say that sounds pretty retarded. Sponsored content? That's the news.  That's the news. That's an ad. That's an ad. That's the new-oh no, that's an ad for act food. My bad.  I prefer "handicapped," actually. Yes. Uh, I'm Jimmy. Editor In Chief of Super School News.  N, nice to finally talk to you. Yes, they did. Do you know who "they" are? I thought I recognized them. I prefer "handicapped." Uh yes, Leslie, I like our school very much. Uh huh. I'm starting to wonder something about you, Leslie. Holy. Shit. Can you excuse me for a moment?  Does she know she's an ad? Does she know she's an ad?! 