You're done? Yeah, so how's it look? But I'll still be getting presents this year, right? What?! Three?? You didn't deduct all my nice invoices! Look look! What about this one?  It was nice for Tolkien; he laughed for like 20 minutes.  God-damnit I have to get that Haibo robot doll, you sonofabitch! Haven't you seen the Haibo doll? It's like a pet, a robot pet. You have to feed it and pet it or else it dies, and it's the coolest thing ever! Santa has to bring me one!  Uh... Oh! I brushed my teeth last night! Well there's still time before Christmas! Can't I still make up for it? Jesus Christ!  I'm just letting you guys know how special you are to me. Oh my God, that's it! Don't you see? This time of year we should be bringing Christmas to the less fortunates! Follow me!   Oh, this'll be the happiest Christmas the Middle East has ever seen! Guys, get those lights down from the door. We'll give them to the needy Iraqis, too. They don't have Christmas there, guys. We have to ''give'' it to them.  Hello, Mr. Hankey! A Merry Christmas to you! The people of Iraq deserve a good Christmas just like everyone else. Really? Wow!  Get the rest of the stuff you guys! You guys, we have to bring Christmas to those less fortunates!  Now come on! ''Poo Poo Train is my favorite thing, spreading Christmas joy as we ride and sing!'' Wow, is that where Santa lives? Oh, heh. Are the uh tabulations all closed up then?   Well Santa, it's just that... I was thinking about the people in Iraq who are afraid that we might bomb them and I just thought, well, maybe it wouldn't hurt to send them a little bit of our Christmas spirit as well. That's what I thought. Hooray! No! Santa Claus can't be dead. He... He ''can't''. Well what are you gnomes sitting there for?! You have to go rescue him!  Now I'm never gonna get my Haibo robot doll! It's not stupid! It's a toy that you can starve! If you don't feed it, it dies. It's sooo cool. Oh, Christ. Come on, gang, it's up to us to save Christmas! Oh yeah! On Dasher, on Prancer, on Comet- Wow, look, you guys! We're riding in Santa's sleigh! ''I'm riding in Santa's sleigh. So high above the trees at Christmastime. With candy-cane wishes and smiles-''  I'm having a precious Christmastime moment, Kyle, if you don't mind.  Hey, it isn't my fault that Iraqis are filled with hate! ''[resumes his position in back of the sleigh and speeds up his song] It's Christmas magic time, inside the sleigh, so high in the sky, eh with candy canes and chimney smiles, eh...'' Jesus! This is Baghdad? God, what a shithole!  I mean, oh wow, these poor unfortunate people. This is such a magical Christmas adventure, you guys. ''Look at me, I'm riding high in Santa's sleigh. It's Christmas special time for me-'' Eh, it's not an act, Kyle! All I wanted was for these people to understand what Christmas means. Oh, God-damnit! Yeah, but not if you guys have one, too! Now it's worthless and gay! God-damnit I'll never try to be nice again!  