My fellow heroes, tonight I stopped three murders from happening.  Yes, Toolshed.  ...What? I told you, TupperWear, Extreme Avenger League doesn't work. It's confusing! The Coon is a brand people already know. Nobody's fucking heard of you, Mosquito!  Mysterion, you and the Human Kite get on the computer and dig up what you can. TupperWear and Mosquito, scan the news. Toolshed, you run a perimeter check with Iron Maiden. Let's work, people!  Mint-Berry Crunch, ummm, I'm just wondering if... maybe you need to add something else to the Mint-Berry Crunch part of your costume.  Uh oh!  What's the alert, Mosquito? What? A fire? Coon volume up!  My God, this is what we've been waiting for! Coon and Friends, let's head out! Yeah, uhh, Mint-Berry Crunch, why don't you stay here and mind the place, okay? Kewl.  We've got to get downtown fast, Coon Friends!  Mom, you've gotta drive us downtown! Mom, you're the Coon's faithful butler! I wanna go downtown now! Into the Coon Mobile, everyone! Let's just hope we get there in time!  Mom, don't talk to us like that! We're fucking superheroes!  Come on, Coon Friends! All right, what seems to be the problem? Whatever's happening, you need help from the Coon! Please sir, you must let us- Shut! Up! Mom! God! Alright, Toolshed is here. We can start. The Coon must be able to signal his friends when a huge catastrophe breaks out. What's the huge-? Did you guys not see that Captain Hindsight guy?! So there's a big superhero out there doing stuff on his own and he's NOT part of Coon and Friends!  I've looked into it and this Captain Hindsight is everywhere. He's like some freelance butthole scab. We need to make him join us! You aren't going anywhere, Chaos! You've got poop, don'tcha?  Now the question is, how are we gonna get Captain Hindsight to join Coon and Friends? I CARE! There's not gonna be any worse disaster. What could possibly be worse than a fire that kills fourteen people?! Good, you're all here. Take a look at this. Coon volume up!  Yes. This is definitely a job for Coon and Friends. Oh no! Goddammit! We have got to get that guy into Coon and Friends! Gentlemen, my attempts to recruit Captain Hindsight into Coon and Friends have been unsuccessful, but I believe I've come up with a solution. Coon Vision on!  All we need to do is get pictures of Captain Hindsight naked with Courtney Love. Then we'll tell him if he doesn't join us, we'll put them on the Internet. Simple, Toolshed. Coon slide 2?  We dress Professor Chaos up as Courtney Love, take pictures of him naked with a homeless guy, then photoshop Hindsight's face onto it. Gotta get to work fast, people! Coon and Friends, ho! That's because you think small, Mosquito! You have a tiny little mosquito brain, that's why you don't come up with the plan! Oh who cares about some oil spill environment crap?! You don't know that I'm Cartman because my true identity is secret!   A bake sale? We're superheroes, not the fucking Girl Scouts!  You think selling lemon bars is helpful to mankind? Shut up, Mint-Berry Crunch! You aren't even anything! Oh, what are you, the boss now?!  Sounds awesome. Let's do it.   Just like before and all forgotten? Right right? Keewwwl! So what's next for Coon and Friends?  My fellow superheroes, I have done it. Hindsight is taken care of. And now the country can finally be made aware of Coon and Friends! Right, Toolshed. Now, how do we deal with these creatures from another dimension? Okay, what? You're kicking me out of Coon and Friends. You can't kick me out of Coon and Friends, I'm the fucking Coon! You don't keep anything! This is my basement and I'll tell my mom on you guys! Mom, what the fuck?! The fuck are you doing?!  You've gotta be fucking kidding me! 