Gather around, believers in good, and listen to the newest installment of The Coon. It all began when the BP Oil Company drilled into the ocean floor and ripped open a hole into another dimension. Seeing the disaster on Coon-Vision, the Coon immediately called together his trusty Coon Friends. As the Coon explained how the disaster could be stopped, something terrible happened. Without warning, the Coon friends changed. Their superpowers morphed somehow, turning them into... supervillains.  I will not rest until that happens. Hi Mom. Just doin' stuff Mom. Are my friends downstairs in the secret base?  The Coon's mother appears to be extremely upset. In order to get past her, I must use the LeBron James technique.  Mom... what should I do? What should I do? Should I admit I made mistakes? Should I say I've done this before? Should I write a song about how I should have stayed in my room? What should I do? Should I say I am not a role model? Should I not listen to my conscience? It's my conscience, Mom! What should I do? Go back to my room and pretend nothing happened? Not jump out the window and fly to New Orleans? What should I do, Ma? Tell me!  So, what's goin' on? No, I, I know. That's cool, I understand. Even though I started it and the secret base is in my house. Yes, that's totally understandable. No you're right. For no reason. Clearly something is wrong with me. But you guys, what should I do?  Hm. Ah, all right, look. You guys were totally right, okay? That's all I wanted to say. That and... there's a double rainbow outside. Double rainbow, you guys. You don't see 'em often, but there's one outside right now. You've gotta come see!  Isn't it beautiful you guys? You are correct, Human Kike! Not that supervillains like you guys could ever see a double rainbow! Your evil-doing days are over, Mosquito! All of you shall now be dealt the swift hand of justice! Nuh uh, you guys are the bad guy.  He's going to help me get rid of you guys so together we can make the world a better place! No, because it's for the greater good, like when Superman teamed up with Lex Luthor!  Aww! Dude, that was awesome! You're all like "Mehhhh" and they were all like "Nooo!" All right, now, we've taken out most of the synagogues, destroyed San Francisco, sent my friends into a dark oblivion, and so our next order of business will be Burning Man.    No nonono! Excuse me! It is not Cthulhu, it is Coon and Friend! I'm a little sick of everyone giving him all the credit when I'm the one really making the world a better place!  Kewl. Oh get that fire-twirling hippie bitch. After the triumphant victory over the evil hippies of Burning Man, Coon and Friends turned their attention to the next villainous scourge, bravely taking out every Whole Foods left in the country! No more organic crap for America! Thanks to Coon and Friends the country would soon be rid of all evil, but first, they would come up against their most challenging and most evil opponent, Justin Bieber. In order to save the Earth, this little butthole had to be stopped. Yep, that's him. So long, Justin Bieber, you little douchebag!  It isn't just Cthulhu, Mr. Reporter. He's merely a small piece of Coon and Friends, who will continue to fight for good and justice. Yes, Coon and Friends are happy to help. We do not need thanks for our deeds. We do not want gifts, all we want is for people to buy our Coon and Friends T-Shirts for $14.95. Kenny? What the hell? I sent you to the- It's not my fault you guys turned evil, Kenny! I'm going around making the world a better place! Right, that's what superheroes do.  Don't listen to him Cthulhu! We have more important stuff to do! Cthulhu, you are a Coon Friend, and I'm the Coon! You will listen to me!  Fuck you, Kenny! Come on you guys, this is fucking bullcrap! Let me out! This is inhumane! There's a big bucket with Butters' poop in here, and there's nothing to eat! Fuckin' Mintberry fuckin' Crunch. 