This picture I like to call "The Pierre". I invited Butters to stay the night, and while he was sleeping I made a mustache on his face with cat poo. Hahahahaha.  I really like how the light plays with the background on this one. Oh no, there's much more.  But this is nothing compared to what I have planned. Because tonight... is going to be my coop de grass. Yes. And tonight, while Butters is asleep, I am going to- Heh!  I wasn't expecting you so soon.  Weren't you guys? Kyyyle! What he means is that he's jealous that you've taken his place as my new best friend! But grow up, Kyle! Change is a part of life. Well actually, Butters, I think we'd better hit the hay pretty soon. Yeah, and I'm exhausted. If you are not sleepy yet, I have some more of that nighttime cold medicine you can drink.  It seriously! It's the greatest picture ever! Oh my God! It was genius! I waited 'til he was totally asleep, right? And then I got my camera, and I pulled down his pants, and then I took a picture of his wiener in my mouth!  I know I know, check it out, look.  I got his whole wiener in my mouth, see? Heheh. Oh man, I got him good! Because that makes Butters gay now! Eh- ...what?  Nuh uh. Kenny, that doesn't make me gay, huh? But I'm not g-I'm not gay, you guys! No, no, it was a stupid mistake! No, it was just for a second!  What, what can I do? How-how can I reverse this? How?  Really?   Butters. Butters, guess what? I have a surprise for you. It's so fuckin' awesome. You're gonna be so stoked. It's the best surprise ever! You ready? Okay! Just open your mouth and close your eyes and, and get on your knees! Hang on a second here.  'Cause then it wouldn't be a surprise, would it?   That's good, just like that. ...I swear on my mother's life, Butters. I am not going to stick anything icky in your mouth.  All right, you ready?  Uh!  Haahaahahaha!  Very funny! I suppose you really think you got me!  I checked on the Internet, Kyyyle, and getting Butters to put my wiener in his mouth wouldn't make me not gay like you said!  Right, except for you.  Why would you tell anybody? ...It's not that funny. There's lots, there's lots of things that are way funnier. Liiike... a tampon... in the school cafeteria... in, in somebody's lunch.   Yes it is! Now you guys, I'm getting pissed off! You'd better not tell anybody! Fine! Whatever! You guys don't have any proof I put Butters' wiener in my mouth! It will be your word against mine! And we all know that everyone trusts ''me'' way more than you guys!  You guys, please don't tell anybody. Oh right, like ''that's'' possible! Alright, fine! You know what I'm gonna do, Kyle?! I'm gonna go home, and photo shop the picture so that it is ''your'' face with Butters' wiener in his mouth here! And if ANY of you say anything to anybody, I'll simply show them the picture of Kyle.  Where is it, you filthy Jew?!  You know God damned well what! I went home to alter the picture of me with Butters' penis in my mouth to look like Kyle, but it was gone!  What did you do with my picture?!  Give it back, Kyle! I swear to God, Kyle, if you don't give it back right now,  I'm gonna break your fuckin' Jew legs right here. ''You'' shut up! You're lying, and  NYAAAAAAAAAA! Yes. A photograph. And I know who took it! His name is Kyle Broflovski. It's a big deal, okay?! That picture is my propertih, and I want it back!  Why... why does that matter? All right. It's a picture ...of me. It's a picture ...of me.  And um... what appears to be... a penis... in my mouth. No, no I was not! I was asleep, and this person just... put their penis in my mouth without me knowing! And and took the picture! Yes. Now it may appear in the picture... that I'm actually looking at the camera lens and smiling, with the penis in my mouth. And giving a thumbs up. But I assure you, I was fast asleep. I don't have time for that! We have school tomorrow! And I know that Kyle is gonna show the picture to everybody during Show and Tell! That son of a bitch. He's gonna show everyone that picture. Only twelve hours from now.  Ow. OW. OW!  I, don't, want to go to school tomorrow! Kyle, has a picture of me, and he's gonna show everyone during Show and Tell, and, everyone's gonna laugh at meeee. Because, he's jealous of how much smarter I am than him. So, he's gonna show everyone the picturrrre.  Last time, when Butters stayed the night, I was being really nice to him and I was... gonna take a picture of him for his mom to have. But then, right when I took the picture, Butters got really hot, so he pulled his pajama bottoms down, and then I tripped, and, fell down, and my mouth landed right on his penis, and, then I thought of something funny, so I smiled up at, the camera and gave like a, thumbs up, and, and then Kyle took the picture from me, and he's gonna show it to everybody, and make them think I'm gaaaaaaay!   You, you will? It is?   What? Mom, she's lying! Mom, you don't know anything about Jews! They lie all the time!  Then that's it. Kyle wins. But he won't win completely! I'm going to print out another copy of that picture and show it to the class myself! I can at least rob Kyle of his final laugh. Guess you think today is your big day, huh Kyle? To embarrass me in front of everyone?  Well guess what? I'm not giving you the satisfaction! HA! , a simple aspen grove shot in high-contrast black and white shows the brittleness of the trunks and reminds one... of death. This picture I took just as the sun was rising and this lonely man was walking to work. A statement about... all of our loneliness, perhaps? And now this next picture  And this photograph I took of a sunset near the power plant. Note how the contrasting images make a statement about our impact on the Earth. Which brings us to my last picture. Ahem. This picture you may find somewhat... controversial.  Yes. This is shot at a 5.6 aperture using a low-light filter. You can see the grain from the high-speed film - there's sort of a- penis in my mouth right here - and the low depth of field keeps the background soft. What this is, is a statement against the war in Iraq. It's wrong that we still have our troops there. It's wrong! And what I think that-  ...Lame. 