Don't worry. Your son just needs to learn that he can be straight if he chooses to be. Do you know why you're here at camp, Butters? That's right. Like all the campers here, you're confused, and you don't think there's a way out. But even though some people would have you believe you can't control how you feel, the truth is that with the power of Jesus Christ you can be normal. Now, just to make sure you don't slip up while in camp we assign every camper an accountabilibuddy.  Uh Bradley! How about you be Butters' accountabilibuddy? Butters here is new to the camp. He's chosen to rid himself of his affliction and forge a personal relationship with Jesus Christ. That's right, Bradley. I think we're well on our way to being healed.  We've got another one: Room 22. We will now hear a sermon from Pastor Phillips. For those of you who are new to camp, Pastor Phillips is somebody who has broken free of the bonds that afflict you. Not anymore. Because Pastor Phillips prayed, and by the hand of Jesus Christ, he's now completely cured! Let's hear it for Pastor Phillips, kids! That's right, kids. You see, right now you're like a paper clip.  You both do understand that we're trying to save your souls from eternal life in hell? And you do know the rule which states that no impure or immoral images are allowed to be seen by the eye? Then do you mind telling us why we found ''this [holds up a magazine with an aroused male model on one of its pages]'' 1979 Sears men's underwear catalog... in your room? You know this is strictly forbidden!  This is what makes you confused! Don't you get it?! This is confusing you right now, isn't it?! This is just as much your fault, Butters! Bradley is your accountabilibuddy! That makes you accountabilibuddyable. Both of your boys' behavior has jeopardizing all of the work we're doing here to save these kids!  Right. For having contraband in your room, you will both do penance by writing scripture for the next four days! Do you mind telling me how you managed to lose... your accountabilibuddy?! You don't seem to take this camp seriously, Butters. I've called your father in for a talk. Do you understand the concept of Hell? Do you realize that if we don't fix you, you will burn in a lake of fire for eternity? We're fixing your confusion! Oheh- hey Dad. Mr. Stotch, your son is insubordinate, unwilling to change, and worse yet, he's lost his accountabilibuddy! Oh Lord in Heaven! Don't jump, Bradley! No no, we're fixing you! Don't jump, Bradley! You will only make god angrier with you! You get back. You're only gonna make things worse. Get back! You're just as confused as he is! He's coming down!  Through the power of Christ we have saved this child! 