Uh well, sure thing, Stan. Eh, how come you care about schoolwork all of a sudden? Well, studying is the golden key to the imposing door of success. I know what you mean. I hate having my future self around, too. I said, I know how you feel. My life has gone completely downhill ever since my future self moved in. I hate him! All he ever wants to do is watch Becker. And that show is so stupid.  Oh. I guess it's been about four months now. Nobody asked. Probably watching Becker. See, here he is. Future Butters. Future self, this is my good friend,- Yeah. My future self has a bad kidney from all the drinkin' he did in high school.  Wha-, what are you lookin' for, huh Stan? Well we both got the same teacher for homeroom, too, but you didn't say anything then. I don't follow.   I don't think we're supposed to go in there, Stan. Maybe we should go adventurin' somewhere else. Oh. Well, you're good at adventurin', huh Stan?  Yeah, I can't believe it! This whole time! I wonder if my future self knows anything about this?  Hey, maybe my future self remembers this happening, a-and can shed some light on this subject. Eh, but then why did they come back to the past. Oh... Oohhhh.  But that's like they're lyin'. Ohhh, that makes me angry! Why, if Professor Chaos were here he'd make everyone pay! You know, Professor Chaos, bringer of destruction and disorder! Follow me back home, Stan. It's time I let you in on a horrible s-secret!  Wait right here, Stan. I warn you: you may not like what you're about to see.   Now you know my terrible secret! Huh? Naw, I'm Professor Chaos, Stan.  Mm. Uhm, maybe I used a little too much silver. How about this? Winter Park. It looks kinda nice. Wow, look at this, Stan.  "Are you sick of your parents? Do you want revenge for something they've done to you? Call the Parental Revenge Center of Western America for a free con-sul-ta-tion. Results guaranteed." Hey look, somebody lost their cat. Look, you can make your wiener bigger in just three weeks. This lady'll massage your wiener for ninety-five dollars. Well that's a pretty good deal.  Hah-hey, I wanna get revenge on ''my'' douchebag parents, too. Hooray!  And then we can make our wieners bigger, and have the lady massage them. You're the Parental Revenge Center of Western America?? Yeah! Hwuhh. That'll make them awful sore. Poop- poop swatches? Hey, that's neato, huh, Stan? Wow, Eh eh you sure are a p-professional, Eric! I don't know which swatch I like best. Well that sounds good. Hooray! Wow! Neato! Boy, it sure is stinky in here! Look, eh, Eric, I've been thinkin', my parents are gonna be awful sore and I don't think- Uh, and after my parents get angry, uh how do we get the poop ''off'' the walls? Uh but Cartman! Wait!  Oh, Stan! Yeah, well, three hundred gallons of poop isn't gonna smell like a garden. We are?  Oh Geez, ah, I'm gonna get it now. Oh, not really sir, I just uh... 