 What's going on? So throw it away. You guys, those commercials are just exaggerations.  It's just a stupid plant that makes you dumb. Touching it won't hurt you. Fine, I will.  There, see? I touched marijuana. I'm not a terrorist, I didn't shoot anybody, and I don't feel like doing more drugs now. No big deal. Aw, come on, Mom. It's just a show! It doesn't have any fucking effect on me, for fuck's sake!  Who the fuck is it, Mom and Dad? I'm me from the past? Oh dude, I should have never touched that marijuana! What?? I have to share my room with my future self?? Oh no!   Stop it.  No. Quit it. Hey guys. This is my future self. He came during the electrical storm last night and is caught in a time matrix. He's me when I'm 32. Shut up, Cartman!  God-damnit! Thanks for staying after school and tutoring me, Butters. I told you, I can't stand my future self. I have to do whatever I can to not become a loser like him. I just can't stand having my future self around all the time! It's driving me crazy!  Maybe if I get smarter I won't become him and I won't have to share my room! Yeah, it's like everything I do, he...  Wait a minute, what'd you say?  Dude, how long has ''your'' future self been around? Four months?? And you never told anybody that you were living with yourself from the future?? Where is he now? Liver medicine? Alright, where is that son-of-a-bitch's wallet?! Butters, don't you think it's a little bit of a coincidence that both your future self and my future self got caught in a mexterdexed time plane?  Here it is.  This expires in two thousand two. Why would he have this in his wallet?  Here it is. Motivation Corp.   What the hell is going on here? I can't believe it! It's all a scam! They've all been lying to us this whole time!  Butters, don't you get it?! Those assholes aren't our future selves! Our parents hired them to make us more motivated! They didn't come back to the past, you dumbass, they're actors! It is lying, Butters. Your parents lied to you and my parents lied to me! Get it! Who's that? What? We have to teach our parents a lesson! Show them they can't just play with our emotions like that! ...You're gay?  It's fine if you're gay, Butters. I don't care. But we have to teach our parents a lesson, Butters! We're running away! Help me find the perfect place to run away to!  No, we gotta run away somewhere warm.  Uh, hi, is this the Parental Revenge Center of Western America?  Ah I'm really pissed off at my parents and I wanna impose swift and horrible revenge upon them?  Great, uumm, can I come by tomorrow? Eleven o'clock is great. Thank you.  That was easy! I just have to go to their office and they'll help me figure out how to get back at my parents! Fine, then you can come with me.  I guess this is it. Uh hello, we're here about the revenge on our parents? Cartman?? What the hell are you doing here?! God-damnit, I knew this was too good to be true! Come on, Butters, let's go.   Oh, sorry. I thought this was a legitimate business! How many parents have you exacted revenge upon?! Our moms and dads lied to us about those future selves! It was just a trick to get us to not wanna try drugs or alcohol. How much is this going to cost us?  Yeah. Yeah. Yeah! That's not neato, that sucks. You're gonna smear Butters' parent's walls with poop. I thought each revenge was unique and customized! Dude, that's not extreme enough! My parents aren't gonna learn their lesson from having some crap smeared on their walls! I want them to see what they did was wrong! I want them to have to admit that they lied to me! Dude! No, that's ''too'' extreme! Just forget it, Cartman! You don't know what you're doing!  Hey future self. You know that thing that I kept hidden in the hole in the wall for two years that I've never told anybody about?  You know, the thing that I take out of the shoebox every night before I go to sleep? You must know what I'm talking about. Mom, Dad, I don't think that guy is from the future.  No.  See, the best way to try to motivate somebody is by being direct with them, to be honest with them. I think the whole future self thing is a lie, and lies are never the right way to get your message across. What?  Hide and go seek, huh?! I don't believe that he's my future self! No, I actually ''have'' a way to be sure.  I'm going to cut off my hand. If he is my future self, then his hand will disappear. But I have to know for sure.  Maybe it's the hand I smoked that first joint with. Here I go. I'm gonna do it. Yes?  That's weird, because I really didn't cut off ''my'' hand. It was fake. Butters! Butters, we've go-! Oh, God, it smells in here. Butters, we're running away! Our parents are never gonna admit what they did was wrong, and they're never gonna change!   Huh? Get the fuck out of here.  Aw, stop it, you guys! I know all about Motivation Corp.! All I've been trying to get you guys to do is admit that you lied to me! I've been told a lot of things about pot, but I've come to find out a lot of those things aren't true! So I don't know what to believe! I really, really wish you just would have told me that from the beginning. Yeah, I gotta admit. You really came through. 