 He did what?? He flew down in a parachute and he what?? Because, because what? Because he's cute? But what does he do besides that he's cute?! Tell Bill Gates to suck my ass, Mom!  He's not a princess, he's a DUDE! So what are you saying, Kyle?! Alright. on behalf of the XBox fighters of Zaron we hereby lay down our arms and give up, okay? Shut up, Craig! This is very difficult! You guys win, alright?! We'll all play on PlayStation 4s! We still think XBox is the superior machine, but you got too many people on your side, and then Kenny became a Japanese princess. We know a way inside the Red Robin.  You don't think you're the only ones that thought of it. We were going to use the Red Robin entrance too, and we figured out how.  Kenny-chan, please come home at once. Our two houses have found peace. Come to the Red Robin wedding, and we will accept you as the princess you are. Yours truly, the Wizard King. Sir Stan, I was hoping I could talk to you about the wedding. I think it's best that when the time comes for the mall to open, we should stay back a bit from the doors.  Well, think about it.  The first people inside are gonna have to take on the brunt of the holiday shoppers from the main entrance. It's best we let Butters and Scott Malkinson go first. While they fight, we can simply slip on by. Yes, that's true, but, let's face Sir Stan. This is all about you and me getting PlayStations. The rest are simply there to help us... get through- Dude! Dude! Dude, shut the fuck up! He's just this old crazy guy who gets pissed off because I'm in his garden all the time. God damn it, shut up! Well why don't you just tell the whole world everything, huh?! Why don't you tell everyone what ''Prometheus'' was about while you're at it?! Dude, we're not gonna betray you. Come on! Did you see ''Prometheus''? I don't think the writers even knew what that was about.  You're a fuckin' asshole! I'll shit in your fuckin' garden! Okay, cool, could we set up the two long tables here, like, facing each other, and then another one for the bride and groom back there? Oh uum, Tom Hanks aaand Beyoncé. Yesh, kewl. Well, clearly she wouldn't be marrying Tom Hanks at Red Robin if she was. Has anyone heard from Butters and Scott Malkinson? The fuck are they? Yes, he did.  It's fine, Kyle. Everything's been taken care of. Stan won't be telling anybody anything... ever again. What had to be done so that we can play our games on XBoxes, Kyle! Everyone! Everyone, a Black Friday toast. How awesome that we are all friends again. Our two houses brought together. Soon we will all have our PlayStation 4s.  And to you, my old friend, Princess Kenny. You really look stunning. No doubt the gods have smiled down upon your perky boobs. Now, if you'll excuse my, my lady, I need to take a shit.  What have you found out? Oh okay, that could be a while.  All our men are ready. When the mall opens, blow the whistle. We'll rush through the doors and lock the Sony dorks inside. Alright, now I really do need to take a shit. Clyde? Where the hell is Clyde? Clyde? What the hell is this?! Sir Kyle, they're about to open the mall! What are you doing?! Kyle, the PlayStation controller sucks and you know it! Oho! Bill Gates! Sweet! In your face, Kyle! They're not a part of your betrayal? No. Whose betrayal is this?  Oh dude, this is pretty sweet.  Yay, XBox wins. We'd like to get XBox Ones please. The interface is pretty cool. See, I told you guys, it's really a... it's a seamless interface. You guys wanna p-play outside or something?  I just... I can't get the image of Bill Gates... bashing that guy's head apart out of my eyes. The last two weeks we've been too busy to play video games and, look at what we did. There's been drama, action, romance... I mean honestly you guys, do we need video games to play? Maybe we started to rely on Microsoft and Sony so much that we forgot that all we need to play are the simplest things. Like, like this.  We could just play with this. Screw video games, dude! Who fuckin' needs them?!  Fuck 'em! 