God dammit!   Heheheheheh heheheheheh.  that's it. Inspiration, you guys. Don't you see?   Think about it! It's the easiest crappiest music in the world, right? If we just play songs about how much we love Jesus, all the Christians will buy our crap!  It worked for Creed!  You just start that way, Stan, then you cross over. It's genius! Oh yeah?! I will bet you ten bucks that if I start a Christian rock band that I can get a platinum album before ''you'' guys do! Okay, fine! Ready?! First one to have a platinum album wins! Go!  Platinum album! Platinum album! Gotta make a platinum album before Kyle!  Butters! Get your drum set and meet me at my house! We have to make a platinum album! Hurry, Butters!  No time to waste! Platinum album! Must beat Kyle!   Yes, the tears of Kyle Broflovski when he loses his ten dollars to me.  I told you, Tolkien. Gentlemen, we are about to embark on the most amazing, life-affirming, financially windfalling experiences of our young lives. We are going to start... a Christian rock band. Wait!  Still want to leave, Tolkien?  Thank you. All right, guys, this is gonna be so easy. All we have to do to make Christian songs is take regular old songs and add Jesus stuff to them.  Okay, nice. Very nice. All right, Tolkien, give me a smooth bass line.  Tolkien, how many times do we have to go through this? You're black. You can play bass. Be as sick as you want, just give me a God-damned bass line!  Almost there, you guys. Because, Tolkien, we have to take pictures for our album cover.  The key to a hot-selling Christian album is a flashy inspirational album cover.  I'm going to kill you one day, Tolkien. Nothing. All right, guys, stand over there and look wholesome and cool. I have a timer on this thing so I can get in the shot too.  No no! Haven't you guys ever seen an album cover? You're supposed to be standing in random places, looking away like you don't care!  No! Butters, you can't look happy on the album cover! That's not cool! Tolkien, look away to the right.  More! So it looks like you're too cool to care that you're on an album cover, you black asshole! Now just hold it!  Our first album cover.  Oh hey guys. How's it going?  Faith + 1, is about to go platinum. That's right. We already sold thirteen copies. You wanna pay me that ten-dollar bet, Kyle? Nyanyanyanya nya nya!  Hahahaha ha ha! It's just a matter of time, my friends. This weekend is Christfest. The single largest gathering of Christians in the Midwest. Each one of them a walking, praying wallet full of cash. And I'll be there selling my album. I know enough to exploit it. Just get that ten bucks ready, Kyle. Ta-ta!  Yes, it's really the best Christian album that's ever been produced, actually..  I think that's what the whole world needs, praise Christ. Butters, remind me later to cut your balls off.  Who are you? Yeah, you guys are real hardcore. Eh hey guys, wait, uh, ..we wannaaa play with you before you go onstage.  Thank you so much. Christ has really blessed us with talent. Yes, we sure do.  Well what are you saying? That, that ''you'' don't really love Christ?? Well what's the difference?! You love Christ, you're in love with Christ, I mean, uh, what the heck is this?? I resent that, sir! I have never in my life done anything just for the money! If I'm lying may the Lord strike me down right now. ''Oh Lord you are my Savior! You know I miss you so much when you are gone.'' ''Yes I may be born again, but I was wasn't born again yesterday.'' Welcome! Welcome everyone! Please enjoy! The presentation should begin shortly. Our platinum album ceremony. I spared no expense. We're Faith Plus One, Tolkien, there'll be plenty more money. Relax and enjoy, black asshole.  Oh Kyle, guys, so nice to see you!  Yes, yes, thank you thank you. Praise Him. I think we're ready to start now.  Ahhh, this is the best day of my life.   Thank you very uh- wah? ''Myrrh'' album? You mean to tell me I can never get a platinum album with a Christian rock band?! GOD DAMMIT!!  Who cares?! I can never win my bet because you stupid assholes don't give out platinum albums! OH, FUCK JESUS!!   Ah, fuck you, Tolkien! You black asshole! 