He's right, dude. We have to define our style if we're ever going to make a platinum album. I mean, ah I'm a fusion guy, but Kenny's background is more Latin Jazz. I think out band better buy a whole bunch of music CDs to listen to for inspiration. ''Christian'' rock?! That's a retarded idea, Cartman!  Just get the hell out of here, Cartman! You're not serious and you're a detriment to the band! You're on, fat boy!  What a stupid asshole!  Dad, can I borrow three hundred dollars? Our band can't find a stylistic direction to go in. We need to go down to the mall to buy hundreds of CDs to listen to so we can define our sound. Ugh. Can't you see this is my dream?? Music is my life! Hold it.  Pops, I've got the music inside me. It's in my soul. And I know my place is up on that stage. I'm gonna make it to the top. And I just want your blessing, Pops. Aw, come on Dad, don't be such a Jew!  It didn't work! My stupid Jew dad won't lend me money for CDs! Really? All right, cool.   I don't know.   I don't know!  Um, sir-  We d-didn't think it was that big a deal. What's the matter with him? We... didn't realize what we were doing, eh... So, he's gonna get it, right? No! Didn't you guys learn anything? Look, if we make an album, all that's gonna happen is that people are gonna steal ''our'' songs for free off the Internet. We won't make a dime! Until we get people to stop downloading music for free, I say we refuse to play! We're not letting you back in the band, Cartman! Fuck off! You get a platinum album for selling one ''million'' copies, you fat turd! You'll never get a platinum album doing Christian rock, Cartman! It was a stupid idea then, and it's a stupid idea now! Go ahead! People will just download your songs for free on the Internet anyways! Yeah, it's tough. But it's times like these that... you see what your band is made of. We've gotta fight through the rough times like Journey! You guys, we can't give up on our dreams now! As soon as this strike ends, we're gonna be the biggest band ever! I'm sure we're gonna get word any minute that people have agreed to stop.   "Dear MOOP. This letter is to inform you that Faith Plus One's debut album has just sold one million copies." "We cordially invite you to attend the platinum album award ceremony, which will be held tomorrow morning at ten. Details and proof of sales enclosed. P.S. Nananana na na. Hahahaha ha ha."  He did it. Cartman got a platinum album. He beat us. Because all this time we've been so caught up with how to protect our music that we forgot to just play.  Because that's what real artists do. People are always gonna find a way to copy our music and swap it for free. If we're real musicians, then we should just play and be stoked that so many people are listening. From now on, MOOP isn't about money. MOOP is about music! We're not striking anymore! Who's with us?!   Oh. I don't have a choice, dude. I'm gonna swallow my pride, face Cartman, and say "Congratulations. You were right." And I'm gonna give him the ten dollars. And hopefully, he won't make a big deal out of it. Let's just get this over with, Cartman. You won the bet, here's ten dollars. This is the worst day of my life. Ha! Our bet was that you would get a platinum album, not a myrrh album! I don't owe you anything, fat boy! 