Oh, man! Wait, wait, Tolkien got an A? But I cheated off Tolkien! I said something's wrong! I got an F, but I cheated off Tolkien! You can see where Tolkien erased his answers and wrote down the right ones! He did it to me on purpose!  That is such bullshit, you guys! Tolkien knew I was cheating off him, so he deliberately put down the wrong answers! Why would he do that?! That's not the point, you guys! Why is Tolkien out to get me? There's something going on here. But why now? That's the question, Kyle. I always cheat off Tolkien. Why did he choose now to hurt me? Dude, what's up Stan's mom's ass? Tolkien,  There are some terrible things that I realize you might have heard from the other kids here at school. There are some rumors that have been going around, about me, that... that I thought Black Panther was a terrible movie. There's rumors that I said it was a structural mess. You know, that the rhinos were really stupid. I want to assure you that I never said anything like that. I loved Black Panther. So if, you know, you feel like there's a need to come after me, to get back at me, I just need you to know that people are lying, because I like Black Panther just as much as you did. I am not a racist.  Say what, girlfriend? Whatchoo talkin' 'bout, Willis? Come on, Raj! You never saw Black Panther?? But I thought all of you saw it.  Tolkien, let's be honest with each other, okay? Why else would you manipulate my test grades? There was a test. I should have got an A on it, but Tolkien did things to make me fail, and it's not fair. You didn't make me fail the test and you didn't see Black Panther. Right. I mean, I mean, this is ridiculous.  Butters, I need help. My mom says if I flunk another math test, she's gonna ground me from playing Fortnite. No, dumbass, I need to get some dirt on Tolkien so he stops punishing me for what I supposedly said about Black Panther. No it wasn't. But now listen.  There's got to be something Tolkien wouldn't want people to know. Something I can use as leverage. Just ask around. If you find any dirt on Tolkien, give me a call.   Word on the street is you and Tolkien are back together. Why did you break up with him? What did he do to you?  He didn't take you to see Black Panther with him, did he? That must have really stung. Oh no? When you guys talk about how sweet Black Panther was, what's he say? Right. You two guys just hang out and talk, and Black Panther never comes up. Why are you covering for Tolkien? What's he have on you?  Hello, Mom and Dad. Yeah. yeah yeah, I know. You know, my other favorite part was when Black Panther had those dreams about his dead father. I mean the dad, the tribal leader, speaking to the new king about being a good leader. I've never seen a movie do that before, except for Lion King, of course, but Black Panther was so original. So, uh, what was Tolkien's favorite part of Black Panther? Yeah. You must have all had some deep family talks about it. What does Tolkien say about it on Black Panther Family Discussion Night?  Tolkien. Sure thing. You know, we were just talking about how your family did see Black Panther. Well, I guess there's nothing more to it, then. Nice talking to you folks.  Eh, you know, just one last thing. If you ever found out your son saw a PG-13 movie without you, you'd probably be pretty pissed off. No. No, he'd have no reason to falsely claim he's the only one who hasn't seen Black Panther.  I'll see you at school. Oh hay, man. The big math quiz is about to start. You gonna let me cheat off you? You saw Black Panther without your parents' permission. I typed up all my findings, Tolkien. I made ten copies and put them in envelopes. If I don't pass this math quiz, the envelopes are all set to be sent to ten different news organizations. So, what's it gonna be, Tolkien? You can be mad I didn't like Black Panther, but you can't take it out on me anymore. Then I guess your parents won't be mad when they read my report. In poker they call it a bluff. I know that right now, Tolkien is shitting his pants. All I need to do now is wait for the poop to stink. Tolkien, we are running out of time. If you don't let me cheat off you, I'm going to tell your parents that you saw Black Panther in the theater without them! Of course you did, Tolkien! That's why me ripping on it pissed you off so much! But Tolkien, I don't understand! If you didn't see it, and you really don't care that I ripped on Black Panther, then why would you let me cheat-  That's what this is all about, isn't it? You hate yourself for seeing through the mirage like I did, and that's why you wouldn't let me cheat off you! Well I didn't write Black Panther, Tolkien! It isn't my fault it sucked! Why go after me?! But now, it's over. Don't worry. They're not gonna know you didn't like Black Panther, so long as... you never make me fail another math test. What? No!  Come on! We can still get to class on time!  Butters! Butters, I have to get to class! The math quiz is starting! I can't flunk this math quiz, Butters! Cover me!  Everybody has dirty laundry. All it takes to find it is getting a little dirty yourself. The only question now is, how many Tolkiens are out there? How many others are afraid to say that Black Panther wasn't all that sweet because of the damage it could do to them? What do you mean?  There are others out there... and even if it means failing, I'm their only damn hope. 