Dude, Craig, you've gotta get Tweek to get a hold of himself. He's freaking everybody out at school.  If you don't have some fuckin' balls, you're not gonna get anywhere. Doesn't matter if they're gay balls or straight balls. If you don't take control of your side of the relationship, you get walked all over-!  Yep, I'll be there I decided to give her one more chance. She is mentally abusive. Because she said she was gonna kill herself, all right guys? There. I broke up with her and she called me being all like "I can't live without you, I'm scared of what I'm gonna do to myself? Oh God." The bitch is crazy. What am I supposed to do? "You have to take me back! You have to! I'm gonna kill myself, Heidi!"  Okay, okay! Really cool listening to people's private voice mails!  I don't think kids at this school take  suicide seriously enough, and we need to raise awareness! Distracted Driving? Who gives a shit about that? PC Principal, someone's life is at stake! If I have to compete with distracted driving, then that's what I'll do.  Well guys, what happened? Change of heart? What? Gary Borkovec? Is he dead? Oh, that son of a bitch!  Like you ever gave a shit about Gary Borkovec!  PC Principal, I'm trying to raise suicide awareness, but everyone's preoccupied with this "don't be on your phone when driving" crap! Yes, but Gary Borkovec is already dead! There's nothing we can do for him! Students need to focus on people thinking about dying! I can't just get people to care with a stupid rap song! I need a full orchestra! Woodwinds, strings! I need black people in white robes, white people in black robes, and a thousand doves to release into the air!  Do you have any idea how serious this is?! As someone who deals with suicidal thoughts, I cannot believe the lack of concern at this school! Maybe I should just take the awareness of my suicide out to the public on the streets! Maybe I will! Maybe I will!!  Give a minute of your time for suicide awareness? Suicide is serious. Help tell people like Kyle it's not a joke. Yeah, make sure everyone you know gets involved or else I'm gonna do it. They want to get help? For what? No, this is about me killing myself. They're full of shit, Heidi. They're just trying to get attention. What, are you actually talking online to these ass wipes?! So you're just gonna e-mail with every guy who has a dick and a death wish?! Are we just your type?! No, look, Heidi. I'm sorry, but you're the one who started all this by telling everybody that I was suicidal! Okay?! Now I'm under a lot of pressure to do it! So the only option I have is to make sure that suicide prevention becomes this entire town's number one priority!  Oh, are you freaking serious?!  Cool, yeah. Hey guys, and there's also gonna be a suicide awareness pot luck at 7:30 tomorrow night in the school gymnasium. We're gonna have lots of games and face-painting, and uh, what are you guys gonna have? Yeah, grievance counseling, that sounds super fun. Listen guys, there's a very real chance I might actually do it right in front of everyone tomorrow, so you don't want to miss it. Suicide prevention pot luck, everybody. They're doing a memorial service with speeches and crying. What's that gonna solve? You are so up and down. I don't know what you want from me, Heidi! So now you're on their side! Oh my God, I'm seriously gonna do it right now!   I'm not gonna do it, you guys! It worked! I'm not gonna do it!}} 