 Halloween is a night for evil. It is time for me to take what is mine. On Halloween we shall open the Gates of Hell, rise up to the earth, and we will rent out the entire W Hotel, for an awesome party, and invite a bunch of celebrities! Have you seen those rich, spoiled, teenage girls who have massive Sweet 16 parties? That big. SILENCE!   What is it? Well I have to invite celebrities or else my party won't be cool.  I'm not alienating my friends! I know they come first! So I want the DJ to set up over here, and then the main dance floor area can be this whole area right here. Oh, it's like a dimensional vortex gate thingy, they won't have cars. I want all the servers dressed in skimpy outfits serving all the hors d'oeuvres. Shut up, it's Halloween! This is my night! Then at midnight, for dessert, I'm thinking over here, we bring out a huuuge chocolate fondue fountain. Oh, screw that, then. I don't want a fondue fountain if P Diddy had one. Yes it matters! I don't wanna do it if Diddy did it! Did Diddy do it? A full ice cream bar!  Yes. It's perfect. At midnight, all the lights go down. The music stops. And then we wheel in... a Ferrari. Only it isn't a Ferrari... It's a cake. And everyone gets a piece.  they will shudder and know my greatness!  Yeah, it's okay, but everyone thinks Zazul's schoolgirl costume is hotter. Zazul, switch costumes with me. Nobody can look hotter than me! It's my Super Sweet 16 Halloween party! Take it off, Zazul.  And what about my Ferrari cake?! Where's the Ferrari cake?!  Get out of the way, Hitler! You're ruining my entrance! Gaau! This is VIP. Don't just let anybody into my VIP area, okay?  What? Oh jeez.  Hey, uh, hi, listen, dude, ya know, the whole Crocodile Hunter thing? It... it's just a little soon, you know? I mean, he just dies a few weeks ago and... it's just not supercool and you gotta leave.   I know, but just wait till midnight. You are not gonna believe what's coming for desert!   Acura?? But I wanted a Ferrari!  IT'S NOT THE CAR I WANTED! THE WHOLE PARTY'S RUINED!   Oh God, what's happened to me? I've never been this terrible before. By trying to have a party like those spoiled rich teenage girls on MTV, I've become like one of them. But I am. Throwing people out, making a big entrance, having these stupid pictures of me all over. Halloween is supposed to be for everyone. Everybody, I'm sorry. This party is for you. It's for all of you who make my life so special. If I don't realize that, then I'm no better than a rich American teenage girl.  