 You wanted to see me, PC Principal? It's "Skankhunt42" and no I am not. Unfortunately, that'd be a breach of my civil rights, but I can assure you, nobody respected you girls' poignant protest more than I did. Fellow students, as you know, an Internet troll by the name of Skankhunt42 has been harassing women and girls by making degrading comments on our school message board. The girls are very upset, and many male students believe that it's just because girls don't have a sense of humor. I beg to disagree. Girls rule, women are funny, get over it. Just the other day, in the hallway, I heard two male students saying how the new Ghostbusters sucked balls. I was shocked and appalled. It is time for us all to realize and accept that girls are cool, and women are funny. Wendy? Wendy, could you come up here, please? Come on up, Wendy. Wendy Testaburger, guys.  Say something funny, Wendy. We can't wait. Hey, girls are funny, Wendy. Okay? Get over it. Just do women's comedy stuff. You know, talk about how fat you are and how you wanna have sex with guy and then say "my vagina" a lot.. And that's just the kind of sexist bull-crap that's gonna keep you in the kitchen. Sit your ass down.  This isn't a joke, you guys. Girls are funny. Bebe, why don't you come up here? Come on, Bebe. No? Come on, talk about havin' sex with guys, and say "vagina" and stuff like that. Go ahead.  Girls rule, women are funny. Bebe, get over yourself. Seriously.  Huh. Oh my God, that wasn't really all that funny. That's weird. Um, let's see. Red? You have any zingers for the crowd? No? How about you, Nelly? K, that wasn't really funny, it was just angry. K, that's good, now just try to say it a little funnier now. Okay, and then, and then, and then just go, "my vagina."  Are you all ready to hear a story? This was a book I created all with my imagination. It's called "Little Red Riding Kyle. The story of a little gay boy and his adventure with four hilarious women. One day, Little Red Riding Kyle was walking through the forest thinking about guys. He was on his way to visit his grandma, who was a little black boy named Tolkien." Get over it. "But then, a big bad wolf who was a hilarious woman named Janet walked into the house and said 'I have a large vagina' and traded place-"  Rebooting fairy tales to try and ease the friction caused by Internet trolls. Why would I do that, Kyle?  A bunch of girls! They cornered me in the gym! They said all boys needed to pay! They kicked and they hit me and, and they kept me down and drew this vagina on my face!  They said it was to send a message! Yeah. See, here's the top of the vagina and there's the balls. ''[Kyle has lost interest] '' It's starting, you guys! None of us is safe anymore! Yeah, no, they do! Vaginas totally have balls! Right? What do you mean? If vaginas don't have balls, what do they have?  Hey broship. Got a minute? You were right, Kyle. Okay? I drew the vagina on my face. I tried to fool people, but you keenly noticed my one tiny error in that girls don't have balls. Kyle, you have to try and appreciate what I'm doing. I know that a war is coming between us and the girls. I knew it the moment they sat out the National Anthem. Suppose for one second that I'm not Skankhunt42. And that I really have been doing what I've been doing to try and stop the damage he has done? 'Cause I'm scared, Kyle. I don't know if you've noticed, but race wars are back. And now if we get gender wars too?? Yeah but... you can't track down an Internet troll,  it's too bad. 