Yeah! Suck that poll you dumb bitch! Up 10%. Can you believe that shit?!  Caitlyn, can I ask you somethin'? Uh, when we actually get into the White House, like um, what are we gonna do? Well I mean, like, you know, once we're President and Vice-President, like, what do we do then?  Cait, you, you heard about the poll, right? We're probably gonna win. Don't tell me you don't have a plan. I don't have any fuckin' plan! That's why I have you! I'm gonna be the President and you're gonna be in charge of all foreign and domestic policies! Are you tellin' me that we're about to be voted into office and we have no idea what the fuck we're gonna do??  Ohhh Jeeez! Thanks, Matt. Huh! Huh well, well who said that? The turd sandwich? Well, Matt, I don't think I said I would fuck them all to death. Oh, sure, okay.  Fuck them all to death! Let's make this country great again!  Yeah! Those ads that are tryin' to kill us? I'll fuck anyone in the advertising business! And they'll all die too! Uh huh, okay. I do. I do, Matt. Uh, I mean, I'm not gonna just get elected, you know, and, and look like a jackass. Huh, huhuh.  Ohhh Jeeez. Come on, people! I need answers! Real solutions! You're my advisers, for Christ's sake! How do we do this?! That would take way too long! And there's no guarantee every pool in Florida has Zika!  Ugh! What the hell do I do? If I win I won't be able to do what I promised. But every day I keep going up in the polls. Why did the Democrats have to elect such a turd sandwich? If I quit, I look like a total jackass.  but I have to make sure she wins. Hello sir, how are you today? I'm calling from the Campaign for President, just seeing if uh, I can get your support for Hillary Clinton today. Yes, I know she's a turd sandwich, but you know if ya, if you look past that, you know she, she really has a lot to offer. Well, I hear you, but sometimes in life you just gotta suck a turd, you know? Hello?  Dammit! This is impossible! Are you having' any success, Caitlyn?! Every time I do something awful people just get more stoked on me! It's impossible to piss people off anymore! Turn it up. Ohhh Jeeez. That's it, Cait. That's what I have to do. I'm gonna sit out the National Anthem on live television. Then everyone will have to vote for that turd sandwich! When I sit down to not support this thing I'm sure to lose this election! Here it is! Wait a min- what, wait, what? Wait.  No, this was supposed to! Oh! OHHH JEEEZ! 