 Stan, Kyle, can you come over here real quick? Just come here please, it's important. Hey, Kenny. I got the guys, okay? You wanna talk or you want me to talk?  The four of us just seem really different towards each other and we're worried the past year has put a strain to our broship. Kenny was saying he wants to do everything he can to save the broship, and I agree with him. So we had a really positive talk about it during lunch, and Kenny shared some ideas of how maybe we can navigate through this, and I think we came up with a great idea. Okay, so, you know how chicks have periods right? It's true! Women have "periods" where they bleed from their vagina. Remember earlier today, Stan, you said our teacher was wearing white? So when we talked I said to Kenny "Oh, what if the teacher got her period?" which cheered us up a bit and then we realized today was hamburger day for lunch. There was lots of ketchup laying around. So me and Kenny snuck into the classroom during recess and put it on the teacher's chair, and now when we get back to class there's gonna be a bunch of ketchup  It's going to be amazing, you guys. I'm so excited!  Oh, my God.   That's nasty, teacher. Don't have your period during class time! You guys, I think that might have been the single most hilarious thing we've ever done. Which one should we post, you guys? Should we post the one where you can see the most blood on teacher's ass or the one where she makes the dumbest face? Hey, at least Kenny and I were doing something to try and get that spark back. You know 30 percent of broships didn't make it through the pandemic? Yeah, you missed it! It was the best thing ever!  We put ketchup in the teacher's seat and made her think it was her period! Yeah, pretty much greatest day of our lives. It's not gonna be hard. They'll bring in some lame ass teacher who's desperate to work. How bad can it be? Hey, broships. You ready for some substitute teacher action? This should be fun! Oh, dear Christ, what have we done? Wow, people are really pissed at us for doing the period joke, you guys. Well, because I told them we all did. People know we're bros and that we do everything together! That's right, Kyle, you did nothing. You knew about the prank, you could have stopped it at any time, but you didn't say a word. Silence is violence, Kyle. Oh, my God... Maybe our broship didn't survive.  Hey, Kenny. Guys? Guys, come on. You agreed to counseling.  Hey, Mr. Mackey. We, uh, we've been having a lot of problems and um, we all want to work on our broship, don't we guys? You know this pandemic has been a pressure cooker, and we just feel like we're going through the brotions. You know? Silence is violence, Kyle. Silence is violence. How do we do that?  Oh, hey, hi. We're with the nonprofit service Kids for Kommunity. Both spelled with a K. Yeah bros! Kommunity Kidz spelled with a K. Gets 'em every time. You God damn old bitch! What?! This is becoming the most expensive period joke we ever did!  Oh, you fucking slut! This is why we keep old people in the back of the line!  Hi, Mrs. Nelson, it's Eric Cartman. Mrs. Nelson, we would like for you to come back to school tomorrow, because... we have COVID-19 vaccinations. And it was so uncalled for and so wrong. I mean, especially because we're guys. I mean, dudes sitting around coming up with period jokes, like, how old are we? Seriously? You are so important. Which is why it was so not funny what we did. I mean, what is funny about blood coming out of a woman's vagina? Like, it's sexist, first of all, and you know what else? It's just lazy. Just like dialing it in, that's what we were doing. We were just dialing it in. Hey, we will be there. Period.  Did you guys hear what I said? Relax, guys. She's gonna come. Wow, everyone just really wants a shot.   Oh, my God.  You guys, oh my God, seriously.  You guys know Mr. Lawson? Jenny Lawson's dad?  He's offering us 2,000 bucks for a vaccination. Dude, people really want their shot. I'm asking around to see what they're willing to pay for it. I'm a little Harvey Weinstein. Kyle, this is what our broship needs! We can sell these and go on vacations together, go to shows and theme parks! What's best for us is thousands of dollars. That's always what's best!  I don't know why you don't stand up to him more, it's really disappointing. I can't believe we're actually doing this. There are people out there who really need these vaccines -- who have cash. The fuck are you talking about, Scott? Lil' Qties? With a "Q" and an apostrophe after the "L"? That's way better than Kommunity Kids, guys. I told you, we're getting lazy. Look, you guys have a right to say and believe whatever you want, okay? But what you believe is really stupid. Hi, Mrs. Nelson! How are you? And, you know, we just ran into a little hiccup, so we wanted to see if you could meet us somewhere else for the vaccine. No, no, Mrs. Nelson, it's not a prank! Okay, fine, we'll be there, okay? Just sit tight.  She's not gonna come meet us, Kyle! He what?! Alright, guys. I guess it's time we all had the talk we never wanted to have.  Kenny, you wanna go get on your iPad for a minute? We just -- we really need to talk for a second, Kenny. Look, I downloaded Madagascar 3. You wanna watch with your Troll headphones?  I've been trying as hard as I can to hold things together, but I have to admit... I'm just going through the "brotions." I think I have a plan. Alright, here's the situation --  But we all want what's best for Kenny, so we have to find a way to compromise and move on with our lives. So how do we do it? We use... a 2-2-3.  Kyle, you have Kenny for two days starting on Monday. I have Kenny Thursday and Friday, and then, Stan, you get him for the weekend. Then we switch where I have Kenny starting Monday, Stan gets two days and Kyle gets a weekend. Okay, so we can go alternating weeks --  Each one of us has Kenny for six days and then we rotate.  Alternating weeks with a midweek visit. We have longer stretches, but a change for a break.  Alternating weeks with midweek overnight.  Everything okay, buddy? We're almost done in here, Kenny. You liking that birthday cake-flavored ice cream?  the 2-2-5-5 rotation, where the weekends can actually fluctuate.  The 2-2-3, I agree. This way we don't have to be bros but Kenny still has the best possible life.  This isn't our fight anymore, Kyle. Alright... then let's get those vaccines to the teachers. Well, come on you guys! Let's get inside! Of course we made it!  'Cause our broship can survive anything! Yeah. Thanks. I'll be fine. I already have some new bros I'm hanging out with.  Yeah?  