Tom, I'm outside of the hottest place in town, and what we'd like to do now is take you  for an exclusive look inside.  I'm actually willing to go inside and get a shot so that everyone can see just how safe it is. Please give me a shot.  Just that one shot that could change everything. Tom, I'm standing outside the ultra-exclusive Walgreens where earlier today vaccines were taken by that group of young Robin Hoods, the Kommunity Kidz. These brave kids have taken it into their own hands to get people a shot. That's all people want, just a shot, and these boys have made it so you just might get that shot. And have a chance at hope and some happiness in this   Tom, I'm standing outside South Park Elementary, where the Kommunity Kidz were set to distribute vaccines to the public. That's when a rival gang showed up and tried to stop them, and the fighting is still going on now.  You can see behind me most of the damage is done, but it is still raging on, Tom. You can see this awful gang is trying to stop the Kommunity Kidz, just because the Kommunity Kidz believe in something and actually -- and actually care! They care enough to do something! What do you mean, Tom? Oh, yeah, well, the difference, Tom, is that you're a giant piece of shit. That's the fucking difference! You're gonna even remotely defend these monsters when Kommunity Kidz are promoting change, just -- Fuck you, Tom! I'm out!   Yeah -- yeah, I see what you did there, Tom. That's real fucking cute.  Yes, that's totally true if you're a corrupt dickhead without morals. You gotta be fucking -- Yeah, let's get back to the weather, you cunt. We've just received devastating news here at South Park Elementary. It appears that the Kommunity Kidz... are breaking up. They have asked for people to...  "Respect their privacy in these difficult times," and it appears that the strain of this pandemic, from people like you, Tom, was just too much. Yeah, here we go!You just couldn't leave 'em alone, could you, ya prick?! They broke up 'cause of you and your stupid -- wait. Wait, wait, wait. Wait a minute, what is this?  Tom, one of the Kommunity Kidz has shown up to the school... with the vaccines! 