Welcome to Shitty Wok. Can I take a order prease?  Wha you talking 'bout? A what? Ret me see that!  Oh no, a sushi prace? How come every time a hard-working Chinese man open a business, some shmelly Japanese dog has to come and try invade him?! Where is this Japanese-uh toiret bowl?! How far from my Shitty Wok?! What?! Whaaat?!  What's the big idea putting your Shitty Sushi right next to my Shitty Wok?! No I don't want Shitty tuna roll! I want you to go find another shitty town to open your Shitty Sushi prace! I ''am'' speaking Engrish! Why don't ''you'' speak a fucking Engrish, you soba eating fuck! Come on, kid, you don't wanna eat this-a Shitty Sushi! It give you worms.  You see what happen?! Now everyone in town think a Chinese and a Japanese are the same fucking thing! Aaah you Japanese racist!  Okay, whoa, just hold a minute, hold a minute. I come ina peace. Come on, rook! All this fighting, it's just to sirry, you know? Chinese anda Japanese been fighting for so rong. It'sa ridicurous. What we need... is to have a tweaty. Nono, we need a tweaty. No, not a treaty, a tweaty! What the fuck is a tweaty? A tweaty?  Rook rook. All these racist people thinka that a Chinese and a Japanese are the same, right? So you and me, we put on a big assembry for all the kids are school, and then everyone understand curtural difference. You know, so they know fried rice isn't from Japan and teriyaki isn't from China.  No, teriyaki isn't froma fucking China! Oh really? Oh great.  And when you get to that assembry, you gonna get big surprise, you Japanese dog. <poem><i>Ni hao ma, South Park Erementary?!</i></poem> <poem><i>How are we arr feering?! </i></poem> Hey, Mr. Takiyama, did you know that China and Japan are actually uh different countries? This whoooore thing is China, and Japan is this riiittle bitty country over here. And that's why the Japanese always try anda take over China! The Japanese planned to kill people in Nanking! The only thing Japanese ruve more than killing people is killing themselves! Suicide rate in Japan sky-high! "Oh no, I'm a Japanese and I had a bad day! I think I'm gonna kill myself!" Herro-o. Okay, hold on, hold on, please! I'ma sorry, okay? I'm sorry. I admit it. I fucked you at the assembly. How about you and me together do an Asian Diversity festival? Please, I admitting it, okay?I fucked you at assembly. There's no way around it. It was verrry sneaky. Kind of like Pearl Harbor. Okay? That was a little sneaky too, huh? Pearl Harbor kind of sneaky; I think we can all be a rittle sneaky sometimes, hm? But that sneaky Chinese man? He's gone! Okay? Okay, if we can have Asian Diversity festival, then we no longer have to deal witha "recial stereotypes." Prease. Okay, see you tomorrow.   They wanna take over my Shitty Woookk?! Hory crap, what time is it?   "No, don't do it, prease!"  Porice?! How?! What the fuck you talkin' about?! You people crazy!  Who are you people?! Why are you all here?! Thank you. }} 