 Dude, that sucks, Clyde. A mom shouldn't be able to put rules on toilet-time like that. Toilet-time is the last bastion of American freedom.  Of course, man. It's cool.  Dude, I'm telling you it was fucking hysterical. Clyde had to get up in the middle of class and follow his mom home to put the seat down. He was so embarrassed, dude, I thought he was gonna die. His mom... His mom goes: "Clyde you're an asshole and now I have toilet water in my vagayjay." I know dude. The bathroom is the last bastion of American freedom. Nuh-uh. Mom, get the door!  Who are these buttholes? My potty? What are they going to do to it?  Hey, hey! That's my bathroom!  Dude, you can't make me wear a seatbelt to take a dump. Yeah but the blood's on Clyde's wiener, not mine. This is unbelievable. Stupid Toilet Safety Administration. You can't even take a crap at IHOP without a forty minute line! Hey, how about you people speed it up in here? I'm about to crap my pants and I demand access to the toilet right now! What? Yes I'd mind! Do you mind if I touch your fucking balls? Exactly how long are we going to sit around as our freedoms are stripped away one by one. It's time for us to stand together, and say, we want the government out of our bathrooms. Now listen. All we have to do is agree as a community to all bolt our toilet seats down. If they can't raise or lower, there's zero chance of anyone falling in. Well, sorry if women might have to deal with a little splash of pee on the rim, but it's a far better solution than having the government in out bathrooms, right? Well, sorry, but if we don't want the government treating us like children, we might have to give up being able to pee out feces in half. That's right. Yeah. That's right. Wait, what? What the fuck is a sue-ance? Oh boy, here we go. So then... so then Clyde's mom's ghost was all like "Clyde, what have I told you Clyde, you asshole!" And Clyde is all like "Mom, leave me alone! I'm seriously. Stop, please!" Dude, it was a riot. Hah. Yeah, well, I'm just glad that stupid TSA crap is over with. I know you've had a tough week, Clyde. But at least your mom didn't die for nothing. I mean, we're kinda right back at the bathroom being the last bastion of American freedom. So technically, your mom did die for nothing, but... Clyde? Clyde?  