 Hello scouts! Hello, Stanley. I was happy to see you and your little friends' names on the list!  Hey, are you parents gonna stand there all night? This meeting is for scouts only, you silly gooses.  Now, before we get started, scouts, I want to introduce you to someone very special here tonight. He's a brave little boy with disabilities who proves just by being here that Scouts are for everyone! So let's all give a big round of applause to little... Jimmy!  And so that's how to make banana-nut muffins. And now, as a very special treat, our very special friend Jimmy is going to do what he loves most: Motivational standup comedy.  Oops, guess we're out of time, kids. Now remember, tomorrow you all have bake sales in your respective neighborhoods to raise money. We'll meet back here ''next'' Tuesday, and see who raised the most. Good luck.  I'm super, thanks for asking. The troops are off having bake sales, and I'm pleased to report that we have already raised over $600 for the event. Yippie! Well, stop the presses. Did you figure that out all by yourselves, silly buns?  Out of... Scouts? But I've been in Scouts since I was nine - it's a... huge part of my life. I see... What if I promise not to be gay anymore?  Pinky swear.  Ah, bye, Scouts.  Okay, okay, Marc, stop playing now.   I'm sorry. Sorry. But now I've packed everything away, so just... well, play something uplifting, like... "I'm gonna put all this behind me and make it okay" music. Oh!  Jesus, Marc. Go away! I'm dead!  I can't, kids. I've been... kicked out of Scouts. Really? wull-why? Why not? Boys, there's nothing I can do. The Scouts don't allow homosexuals.  Look, I appreciate what you kids did; I really do. But this isn't what I wanted. I'm proud to be gay. And I'm proud to be in a country where I'm free to express myself. But freedom is a two-way street. If ''I'm'' free to express ''my''self, then the Scouts have to be free to express ''themselves'', too. I know these men. They are good men. They are ''kind'' men. They do what ''they'' think is best for kids. No matter how wrong we think they might be, it isn't right for us to force them to think our way. It's up to us to persuade, and help them see the light, not extort them to. Please, don't cut the Scouts' funding. The Scouts help and have always helped a lot of kids. That's why I ''love'' them. I will continue to persuade them to change their mind, but this is the wrong way to do it. So, I am hereby dropping my case, and allowing the Scouts ''their'' right to not allow gays into their private club.  