Mayor, as I've said before, I find that flag to be ''racist and insensitive!'' That flag represents a time when blacks were persecuted by whites! How can a black man ''not'' be bothered by it?! You don't see anything wrong with that flag?! Yeah! Look, I have gone to every quiet protest I could! I have written everyone; I've put up signs! But now I'm telling you , THIS FLAG WILL BE CHANGED! Sign up to join me, and come marching to the Mayor's office in protest of the South Park flag!  Randy! Sign up to march with me against the South Park flag on Wednesday? Well, alright, Marsh, you're entitled to your own opinion.  That's how it is in this town. I haven't gotten one signature on this damn sheet, and I've been here all day! That's nice, but I need the support of some registered voters.  Ey, Mackey! Sign up to march on Wednesday? Alright, fudge it, Thursday. Anyone else wanna go Thursday? Fine! Next Sunday! Monday?? Okay! On Saturday, we march! To bring down the South Park Flag!  My name isn't Chef anymore, children. I've converted to Islam. From now on, my name is  With everyone in town so insensitive about the flag, I find it no longer fitting to use my slave name! You WHAT?!  You don't think they should change the flag?!  Well, that figures you don't! Because your cracker-ass parents turned you into little cracker-ass cracker-racists! I never thought I'd live to see this many of the people I considered friends turn against me! But nothin'!  Change the flag!  Change the flag! Change the flag!…  Change the flag! No, damnit!  How can you all just stand by and let these racists do this?!  Aw, to hell with all of you indecisive bastards! I ain't gonna listen to nothin'! This whole cracker-ass town can kiss my ass!   Whoa whoa whooaa! You just missed the point entirely! I'm not mad because the flag shows somebody gettin' killed, It's because it's racist! Children, don't you even know what this argument is about?! That flag is racist because a black man is being hung by white people. Ooooooohhh?! But that's a ''black'' man up there! Well of ''course'' it matters when-  …Oh my God. Wait a minute. You children didn't even see the flag as a black man being hanged by white people, did you?  Why, that is- that is the most beautiful thing I have ever heard. Don't you see? All this time I thought these little crackers had turned racist, when actually they were so ''not'' racist that they didn't even make a separation of black and white to begin with. All they saw when they looked at that flag was five people. I'm sorry, children. I was wrong about you. But I still the flag needs to be changed. But now I realize that I almost let racism turn ''me'' into a racist. Oh, I know you don't, Jimbo. I've known you for almost ten years. You're a good man. I think that's a much better start than me tryin' to separate myself from all you wonderful crackers. Hooray! 