I can't wait to get out among the pigs  and raise some hell. When I stand up on the mountain and say, "Do it!", it gets done! And it it don't get done, then ''I'll'' move on it! And that's the ''last'' thing in the world you want ''me'' to do. You know what the spirit of Christmas is? It's another lie, from the lyin' pigs that consider me the witness-! Heyyy! I'll take you!  Hey, I didn't bust out of prison to be locked up in somebody's basement! I want some action!  Come on! I'll hot-wire your Grandpa's car! All right, boys, keep your heads down!  We're goin' to the mall!  How would you like to come with me to a more secluded part of the mall?  Folks need to understand that I ''am terror''! I ''am fear''! I am-! Oh, hey look, another holiday special.   Well, how was it? Oh, I'm sorry. Uh, I went to a beauty parlor and had my tattoo redone.  Look! Oh. He's... ''around.'' Come on, I'll buy you kids an orange Smoothie. Run for your lives, boys!  Keep your heads down, kids!  They're gaining on us!  Get in the house! Hey, man, don't point a gun at your own mother!  I'm glad I'm not ''you'' right now, kid. But I gotta see what happens. Huh?! But Stan, your mother and father are out there! Stan, I wanna talk to you about family.  You see, I had a family once. At least, I ''called'' them my family. Really, they were nothin' but a gang of people I thought were my friends. Ah after we killed a bunch of people together, I realized that my real family was who took care of me, and who took the time to care about what I did. If they don't care about you, would they have driven nine hours to Nebraska? No, Howard. You go ahead. I've got something to say.  Folks, I apologize for this whole mess. I'm going to surrender. Somebody show the police a white flag.  Oh my God, they killed the little orange-coat kid! Good! I deserve to!  is an answer. You see, I get it now! I finally understand what the holidays are all about. Boys, don't you see? You can't let things get you down during the holidays, because being happy is what the holidays are all about! You're darn right I do.  "And I guess that's what I've learned. I'm sorry for what I did, but that doesn't make up for it. I deserve to be in jail. All I hope is that I don't make mankind lose faith in itself. Yes, there's murderers in the world. There's rapists and thieves. But those are the vast minority. The majority of mankind is made up of caring people, who try every day to do what they think is right. And that's the spirit of the season." What do you think, guys? Well, Guh Good night, you guys. Happy Holidays. What was that?  