 Oh, dude! I just took the biggest crap. Hey-where are you guys? Okay, I'm back. Well, I'm sorry, I had to take a dump! Hey, I don't need to take any lip from a frickin' girl! Heheh, totally, heheh. Yeah, come on, let's go!  I am the mightiest dwarf in all of Azeroth! Yeah, it's bullcrap. I'll bet half of these people are Koreans. Get out of here, asshole! Don't you have better things to do than going online killing people?!  That son of a bitch! He's a God damned butthole! My friends: as you all know, some giant butthole keeps logging onto Warcraft and killing all our characters. We've learned that the four of us can't fight him alone. But, if we all log in together!, we might have a chance. Clyde, Clyde!  I mean, I personally wouldn't stop him because I think he was awesome, but ''you'' would, right? When Hitler rose to power there were a lot of people who just stopped playing. You know who those people were? The French! Are you French, Clyde? Voulez-vous coucher avec moi, Clyde? (Would you like to sleep with me, Clyde?) All right, you all login from your computers at precisely 7:30.  We will meet here, on the plains of the elven forest near Westfall. My friends, to ''victory''! Butters, you said you were on your computer all the time! Butters, go buy World of Warcraft, install it on your computer, and join the online sensation before we all murder you. All right, you guys, this is it! When the attack begins, all warriors click on defensive stance. Everyone else, wait for Craig to cast his intellect buff. The battle is sure to be long, so make sure you all have your special abilities macroed to your keyboards. This shall be a day for all to remember! Let us bravely charge the fields of Azeroth!  From with- Butters? What the hell are you doing? You can't be the dwarf character, Butters, I'm the dwarf. So pick another one! I'm the dwarf, you stupid asshole! Log out, create a new character, and log back in!  Everyone hold!  Prepare to charge! Scroll over him with your mouse cursors! And...Right-click!  All right, Clyde, hit him with your crossbow!  Goddammit we lost Clyde! No, leave me alone, don't do-  What the hell are you guys doing?? Don't tell me you all quit playing World of Warcraft too?! Guys, when things look bad, you can't just give up on the world. Of Warcraft. I have a solution, you guys. That guy can kill us so easily because he's a super-high level, right? What if ''we'' were super-high level too? That's why we just need to log in and stay in the forest, killing boars. There's lots of computer-generated boars in Warcraft that die with just one blow. Yes.  or you can sit at your computer and do somethin' that matters. Keep clicking, Kyle! You can do it! All right, you guys. The Moment of Truth is here. It is time for our final battle. Everyone, log in!  Everyone equip healing potions to the hotbar if you haven't already. Uh, Kyle, go ahead and cast Arcane Brilliance to raise our intelligence. Nice. Stan, what enchantment does your Cloak of the Tiger have? Give the cloak to Kenny, he needs the agility boost for bow attacks. Don't worry, I have that covered.  Mom? More Hot Pockets! All right, everyone ready? Let's go get him!  Okay, everyone open your uplifts and autolocate to Stan. Command-0.  Kenny, get ready to turn on true-shot aura. At that moment, I will use intimidating shout. Okay, hit him with pyroblast, Kyle. Aren't you spec'd to reduce cast time? Christ... Everyone target scorpions. Kyle! Fire spell! Wait, we need Ben-Gay.  I'm going as fast as I can! All right, major stone shield potions should be...Oh God, I'm going to have diarrhea again. Ohhh...Duuuh... It's okay.  Mom? Bathroom! Bathroom! Bathroom!  All right, Kenny, drink your elixir of the mongoose. I'm now going to use mocking blow. Kyle, cast arcane missiles! Stan, what the hell are you doing?!  His shield and armor spells are down! Looks like you're about to get pwned.  Yes! Yeah! All right, yay. We did it you guys. We're totally heroes. What do you mean? Now we can finally play the game. Okay Kenny, add Eyes of the Beast to your hotbar. Stan, check your fury talents to boost your shots. 