Hey, Stan. Why I-I-I sure am glad you're here, 'cause then we'll have even more fun than we, why, than we was havin' before. Why, we wuh, we were havin' an awfully good time before you showed up, too, however. Nope. No way out. Buh, but there ain't nothin' upstairs but an old, stupid party anyways. It's better down here in the kids' room.  Uh, this here is Dougie. He's not too old, but he sure is a hoot to hang with. Uhuh, he's in first grade, I think. Uhuh, you uh really oughta play, Stan. It's an awfully fun game. Ah I've never been to England, but uh I'll bet the people there are really nice.  They got those thick noses and all. Uh what is it? Is it something neat? Uh I wonder what it could be.  Hey, you know what we could do with these lady clothes, huh? Wuh-y why we could play Charlie's Angels. No, uh I get to be Jaclyn Smith. See, uh I thought of Charlie's Angels, and I get to be Jaclyn Smith 'cause I thought of it. Well, I don't know what our mission is. Do you know what our mission is, little first-grade kid? Hey, that's because we need Bosley. Uh Bosley always told the Angels what their mission was. Remember Bosley? Wah uhwhy uhwhy we need somebody to be Bosley.  Uh you just got- you just gotta tell us what our mission is, that's all. That's all Bosley does. Just give a mission, and us Angels will accomplish it. Well, what are we waitin' for? We've gotta find a way out of this room, by golly, or else we're gonna get drowned. Come on, Angels!  Dougie pushed that big box out of the way and found this old ventilation duct. And I reckon it's got to lead somewhere, and and it's good 'cause, uh 'cause now we won't drown. Upstairs? Uhwhy why there's ain't nothin' upstairs but adults. Uhwhy would we want to go upstairs for? So what's our mission now, huh Bosley? Uh wha what do you want us to do now, I wonder? Well, hooray! Come right on in here, Bosley. Huhwell, it was my idea.  Uh I got to thinkin', "Wuh, where do people keep TV sets?" and then I remembered that lots of grownups have TV's ih in their bedrooms. So, so I walked into Mr. Mackey's bedroom and er and sure enough, here it was. Wwe ain't got no more missions? Uhwhawhat are we supposed to do? We're Angels. Whawhat do Angels do without a mission? Hey, uhour parents aren't religious fantastics. Why, we gotta tell them that they're makin' an awful mistake, don't we? Huh how come they're actin' that way, Stan, huh? Uh how come they're laughin' and fallin' down and such? Uh let me handle this, Stan.  Whoa!  Hey, what are we gonna do, huh?! Ughuh uh they shot at us! They really shot at us! They, they ain't gonna stop until we're all dead, I betcha. Huh us and all our families. How come you slapped my face, Stan, huh? Why uhwhy on earth would you do that, anyways? Oh dear God, they're gonna set us on fire. Uhoh, great Jesus, son of Mary, wife of Joseph, what are we gonna do, huh? Huhoh, sweet Joseph, husband of Mary but not father of sweet Jesus- Uhuh, they're gonna burn us up and act like nothin' happened. Oh, sweet Jesus, Mary, mother of Jesus, wife of Joseph, father to Mary, well- Wait. Mary, wife uh... Oh, hold on. Wuh, no, I'm not sure. Uh-I'm not sure at all. Wha-what am I doin' again? Tha-at sounds awful dangerous. Wha-ah I don't know about this, uh. I think I'll reconsider. Yep uh I think reconsiderin' is the thing to do right now.  Uhuh, Mr. Reporter, sir? Uhuh wuhwe've got an eyewitness exclusive video for you, sir.  Uhuh oh uh, uh hooray, then! Uh we, we sure did. Why, we put the fear of God in those ATF sons of guns, I can tell ya. Uh, so you mean we can stay friends, Stan? Wouldn't that be swell, huh? 