What am I supposed to do? He's not gonna listen to me. He never does when he's emotional.  Tweek. Dude, come on, you've gotta settle down.  We're not all gonna die, you're overreacting. Everything's fine, okay? Tweek- Okay, so how about you write your Congressman a letter? Okay, so write a letter to the North Koreans. Okay, well why don't you just send something nice to the North Koreans? It will make you feel better, babe. I don't know, like... make some croissants or something? Well, what do you know how to make? All right, go home and make some cupcakes, honey.  Tweek, calm down. Yes, I did see that, so I went and got you something to make things better.  See?  Hey Tweek. What time is it, dude? "North Korea doesn't have the balls to attack Tweek. They have little tiny rice balls." You've gotta calm down.  Tweek. Tweek. Tweek! ''[calms down, but is still shaking]' Let's think this through logically. North Korea isn't going to attack anyone, okay? They're not going to start a war they can't win. Okay?'' Tweek! You have to stop thinking about it. Tell you what. We're gonna go somewhere fun and make you feel better. Okay, babe, what do you want to ride first? We're gonna get your mind off politics and have some fun. Now, what's your favorite ride? Isn't this lovely, Tweek? Just look at that view! Oh, come on. Tweek! Tweek, use your brain! North Korea isn't going to attack an amusement park. You're safer here than anywhere. It's probably nothing. Everything's fine. I'm trying to make you feel better. Okay, but think about that. That actually doesn't make any sense. Tweek, honey, all week you've been freaking out, and I've been the one forced to deal with it! Tweek, North Korea isn't bombing anyone.  They would lose the support of China, and that would mean- Well, I'm sorry that I'm actually in control of my goddamn emotions, you baby!   How should I know? Look guys, Tweek doesn't want help, okay? He just wants to overreact.  Tweek, what's going on?? Nothing's gotten any better? Oh my God, how does that make you feel? Well that must be horrible to feel that way. It must be hard for you to even think! I bet it's terrible! What else are you feeling? Oh, that's a terrifying thought. You must feel trapped. Jesus, it's like there's no solution to any of this! What are you gonna do?? What can you do? That sounds so insurmountable though. How would you even start? 