Hello, ma'am. I'm working to clean up the neighborhood from parasites. Do you mind if I take a quick look around your house? I'm afraid you may have hippies.  Hm, I don't like the sound of that. Could I take a look in your attic? Oh yeah, boy. Take a look at this, ma'am.  These are what we call the uh giggling stoners. Pretty common form of hippie, usually found in the attics. Problem is, if you see one hippie, there's probably a whole lot more you're not seein'. Uh, whe-where's the backyard. Yep, that's what I thought. See that? You've got a drum circle in your backyard.  Yeah. You know, I had a guy in Jackson County. He had a little drum circle in his backyard. It turned into a drum circle four miles in diameter. You get a few hippies playing drums and next thing you know, you got yourself a colony.  God damn hippie!  Get out of here! Ma'am, I need to clear out your giggling stoners and your drum-circle hippies RIGHT NOW, or soon they're gonna attract something much worse! The college know-it-all hippies.  All right, in you go. Get back. Get back or you're all gonna get maced!  What's wrong is that there's more of you showing up every day and I need to find out why! Brah, I'm not gonna argue with you, all right? Just go with it. And you're gonna be here a little longer, brah, all right? Here, here's some joints  Please, I have to talk to you all right now! Mayor, something very big is happening, and if you all don't give me a moment of your time, there may be no more South Park to council over! I'm talking about the end of all life as we know it.  Three new drum circles have sprouted up here, here, and here. They're all growing in diameter, at a rate of two hippies per hour. What this means... is that the hippies are conglomerating. They're ''thriving'', if you will. I think that they're setting up for a... hippie music festival. It's, it's simple science. Look: When hippies start to nest in a new area, it draws other hippies in. With the right weather conditions and topography, it can lead to a music festival. One that lasts for days, even weeks. Reggae on the River, Woodstock, Burning Man, they will all pale in comparison to what we're looking at now. In my professional opinion... I think we're looking at a full-blown hippie jam festival the size of which we've never seen.  I know hippies. I've hated them all my life. I've kept this town free of hippies on my own since I was five and a half. But I can't contain them on my own anymore. We have to do something, fast! It's not pot''holes'' you need to worry about. It's pot''heads''. I know what these people are capable of. What are you doing?!  I ''knew'' you were trying to have a hippie jam festival! All right, everyone pack up your crap, we're going to my basement!  What happened? Were you bit? Did you eat their brownies? DID YOU EAT THEIR BROWNIES?! Listen, you're my friends, but if you've been compromised, I'll have no problem taking you out! I'd expect the same from you.  Everybody get in a single-file line! Ah, Officer Barbrady, you're just in time. These college know-it-all hippies were setting up for a music festival, just as I predicted. What? You let them out?! Jesus, we have to find them! No! No, we have to stop them! You know how we-?! We gotta stop them! Hebbiaaay!  What did I do?! They're not people, they're HIPPIES!  Mayor! Mayor, I confirmed the data! The hippies are going to have a massive jam band concert!  You... You what? They're hippies! They don't HAVE any money! Does the city council know about this?! You just SOLD OUT OUR TOWN!    How much money is enough, Mayor?! How many people's lives it is all worth?! God damned hippies!  Great, I love crapping in a toilet with no rim on it.  Let me guess: they've started a hippie jam band music festival.  It's too late! Even if I did agree to help, there's too many of them now!  Don't think that you can buy me with presents! ...Unless of course it's the new Tonka radio-controlled play bulldozer. I want the batteries for it too. And I get to drive it around in the school parking lot. Yes.  Kyle doesn't get to have one! Ever! And he has to watch ''me'' drive ''mine'' around the school parking lot and get super-jealous! All right, fine. But now listen up and listen good! I've never tried to get rid of this many hippies before, so I'm gonna need every resource this town has! And even if I don't succeed, and it's a million-to-one shot that I will, I still get the Tonka radio-controlled bulldozer and get to play with it in the school parking lot where Kyle has to watch me and be super-jealous because he doesn't have one! Are we clear?!  All right, everyone listen up! The hippie jam band festival is now fourteen miles in diameter and five hundred thousand hippies thick. In less than three days, all of South Park will be completely consumed. Our only hope is to fight our way to the center of the crowd, and reach the heart, here.  Hippies can't stand death metal. If everything works, they should disperse just before they consume us all. We drill.  I've designed a vehicle that can bore its way through even the densest hippie crowd. The pilots inside will be safe from the pot smoke and the crappy music outside. Not just somebody. I need a complete team to operate this vehicle. Along with me I'm gonna need a scientist, an engineer, and of course, a black person who can sacrifice himself in case something goes wrong. All right, then we just need a black person who can sacrifice himself in case something goes wrong.  There's no more time for ideas! We have to have this vehicle up and operational in less than three days! Look, it's a long shot! But it's also the only shot we-  got. I... don't want you to worry about me, Clyde Frog.  Primary engine running? Navigation systems? Let's punch this baby.  Reaching hippie crowd. Hull status? Switching to secondary fuel line.  What's that? Come on, come on! No, Chef, I'm not gonna let you go out there! ...All right, fine Chef, go! Hit the PA system NOW!  You're the scientist, jackass! Put them in my laptop!  Hold it right there, Kyle!  ''Kill'' you? Oh no. I have much bigger plans for you, Kyle. Hoho! Aw man, this is awesome! Weeeee!  Oh, sorry! You don't get to! Hehe. Oh, check it out! Cooool! 