 You wanted to see me, Principal Victoria?  I'm aware of that. Wow, that's... really great to hear.  Oh, for real? You're not kidding?  Thank you, Principal Victoria! I'll do a great job!  You're sure this is for real? I mean, I'm not gonna just get fired again for being gay tomorrow.  Oh-ho, great! Right uh-  Wha- ...what was that? ...Oh right, right, right, I... Huh-... how much money, exactly? Yeh-you don't say.  Holy Moly! I've gotta find a way to get fired for being gay! Thank you, Mr. Mackey. Okay, children, now for those of you who are new, my name is  Mr. Garrison. Well, I was informed that fourth graders are a little too old for Mr. Hat. But it's okay because I found a new teacher's assistant. Say hello to...  So that's  Or, as I like to write for short, the Teacher's Ass. Okay, Mr. Slave. Go sit until I need you.  I'm not saying the rest of the school year is going to be easy. In fact, it's going to be long and hard.    Now, Stalin was a big silly when it came to...  Eric, did you just throw a paper airplane?!  Very funny, Eric! Kenny's dead! That does it! I will not put up with foolishness in my class! It's time for punishment!  I will  Okay, children, let's take our seats. Uh, apparently, none of you tried to get me fired yesterday, so I guess we're just gonna have to go on and learn more today.  Now who can tells me what happens to water when we heat it up in the Bunsen burner? Good, Butters. Now if we take the glass tube of the Bunsen burner, we can also see how other things react.  The heat from Mr. Slave's ass will act as our new conductor of energy. Okay, now Butters, could you bring over Lemmiwinks for me please?  That was a brilliant idea, having me put a gerbil up your ass, Mr. Slave.  Now we'll get fired for sure! That's it! They're gonna fire me for being gay! ''Twenty-five million here we cooome. [shimmies out the door]'' You wanted to see me, Principal Victoria?   Oh no, you're firing me? Oh well, I can't stop being who I am. I can't help the way God made me. Guess I just have to go. ...You're not? Yeah! God-damnit! This is unbelievable, Mr. Slave! It seems no matter what I do I can't get fired! No! The parents felt so bad that their kids didn't want to attend my class anymore that they wanna give me the Courageous Teacher award this Friday at the Museum of Tolerance! I mean, I stuck a gerbil up your ass and they wanna give me a Goddamn medal! Oh well-  The awards ceremony! Well we'll put on a show they'll never forget! There! I've done it, Mr. Slave. The perfect plan to get us fired. You finished your costume design yet? What's the matter? Well here, take a Pepto pill. I can't have my teacher's ass under the weather.  Get along, little Slave.  Ding-ding, ding-ding.  Say, Mr. Slave. I had a dream last night that you were a real dick. No no, I was the asshole.  Uh, I uh I'm very happy to get this award. Uh but you know what makes me even happier? Sucking balls.  It isn't working. Sing your song, Mr. Slave. Uh...  Look, this kind of behavior should not be acceptable from a teacher! Tolerant, but not stupid! Look, just because you have to tolerate something doesn't mean you have to approve of it! If you ''had'' to like it, it'd be called the Museum of Acceptance!  "Tolerate" means you're just putting up with it! You tolerate a crying child sitting next to you on the airplane or, or you tolerate a bad cold. It can still piss you off! Jesus Tapdancing Christ!  Ogh! So now can I PLEASE get fired and get my 25 million dollars?! But this is insane! 