 Who's this asshole? Then how does he know our names? Ohhh. Wait. Stan becomes ''this'' douchebag? That is so awesome!! Thank you God!  Oh praise God!   Oh, Stan, Butters, I didn't know it was ''you'' guys. I'm running a business, Stan. Are you my eleven o'clock? Eh, so, you don't want to make your parents suffer and pay for mistreating you, then?  Look, ah, I don't know what your parents did to you, but if you're here, I take it they pissed you off pretty good. Maybe you should at least ...hear what I have to offer? That it is, I assure you. I started this business over three months ago from the ground up. I've been helping children get back at their parents ever since. Craig's. a-and Clyde's. Oh and and Kyle's, but that was a freebie. Look, I run a legitimate business here with state-of-the-art computers, charts, and technology. Look around you. I know how it feels to be really, really pissed off at your parents. And I will work hard, for you.   God-damnit! See? This is exactly why I started this business. If a parent can't respect their child, than who can they respect, huh? Listen! Parents understand one thing, and that's consequences. They need to see consequences from their actions, or else they'll never learn. What my company does is in''flicts'' those consequences upon the parents in a very real and very direct way. Eighteen thousand dollars.  How about five bucks? Okay, Butters, let's start with you. I think I've found a great way to get revenge on your parents. Just... tell me if I'm going in the right direction here.  What we're going to do, Butters, is we're going to wait for your parents to leave the house, and then, smear all the walls... with poop. Now, I want you to take a look at some of these poop swatches.  Poop comes in a lot of varieties, Butters. I wanna find the perfect one, tailored to your revenge on your parents. Now, personally, I like the baby green.  But I also think the classic brown would go nicely with your house. Well, y-you know what we could do, uh, uh Butters, is go with the baby green in the living room, and then maybe a classic brown, or even a nut-n-corn crunch in your parents' bedroom. Okay, well let's do that then. That looks nice. Alright, now, Stan. For you I've put together a really nice design. I feel your parents were a bit more cocky about lying to you and your revenge needs to reflect that. So what I wanna to is put a note on your parents' door, telling them I'm the counselor from the school. The note will inform them that a problem has come up and they need to see me right-away, back at my office. Your parents will drive all the way out to the school discovering that no meeting is actually taking place. And while they're gone, we're gonna smear all their walls with poop.  What? Poop-smearing is the hot ticket right now, Stan, and... have you seen the poop swatches. Okay, okay, fine. I I just, I just, ...my first idea. That's why we have these consultations.  Okay, okay, lemme, lemme see here. Uh. Oh wait, oh this is nice. How about this: uh, we'll lure your parents out of the house, and then we'll kill them. Uh, we'll cut them up into little pieces and feed them to the dog. Extreme enough for you? How's Wednesday?  Well first it's not extreme enough and then it's too extreme; where do you want it? I am a professional, suh!  Don't worry, Butters. You're gonna be a hundred percent satisfied. Okay, very nice, very nice. Oh wait, uh, God-damnit! Felipe!  The classic brown poop is supposed to go in the parents' bedroom! The living room is supposed to be all baby green poop! ¡La caca de moreno no es aquí! ¡Aquí es verde, señor! ¡Es verde! ¡Arriba arriba! Sí, gracias. ¿Y tú?  See? Spackle gently. Lo marrado. Gently, see? Marrado. Marrado. Spectacularrr. God, it's so hard to find good help.  Ah! Butters, like what you're seeing so far? Yearh, well, three hundred gallons of poop isn't gonna smell like a garden, Butters. But I think it's coming together real nice. Yes, well, I've done my job, haven't I?  ¡Pepite, Pepite, no! ¡No come la taco la trabajar! Well Butters, I hope you like the work. I'm sure your parents will be plenty pissed off. Ooo, ah, that's a different company.  Oh! Someone's here! We'd better run out the back! Pepite! Carlos! ¡Vamonos! Thank you. I thought the hangover black went really nice in the lobby. Thanks. But you know, all this talk about future selves has made me think, maybe I should ...take better care of myself. I mean, maybe I ''should'' think about who I'm going to become. Who the hell are you?  Oh wow, really? That's so awesome! Now I'll really work to be successful! Go have sex with yourself, asshole! I'm not that stupid! Just for that, I'm gonna spend my whole childhood eating what I want, and doin' drugs when I want!  Whatevuh! I'll do what I want! 