There's been a lot of hurting in our country lately.  And I'm her husband Randy. I do the construction and practice MMA in my spare time.   What we're thinking is to take out the wall between the kitchen and living room for a more open concept.  there's never a dull moment.  So guys, are you ready to see your renovation?!  On White People Renovating Houses.  Janet and Dave Fitzsimmons are looking to move from their dated two-story colonial home. What we're thinking here is taking out the wall between the kitchen and living room to give you an "open concept". Then we'll give you lots of space to entertain with an updated kitchen island and bar stool.  What the hell is that?  What the hell are you doing? 'Kay, cool. Could you do that somewhere else? Tryin' to do a home renovation show here. Cool, thanks, guys. [goes back inside and closes the door] And now back to White People Renovating Houses.   Oh, Goddammit! Not these dipshits again!  Will you assholes knock it off?! Don't you know every time you wave Confederate flags around, you make the rest of us look stupid?! Put the flag down unless you wanna get pepper-sprayed!  Agh. Ah, dammit!  Damnit, knock it off! Ow! Your honor, we have a TV show called White People Renovating Houses. We named it that well before these guys decided to start taking our brand and run it through the gutter! People are gonna start associating White People Renovating Houses with their hateful stupidity! All the other names were taken, your honor! Everyone's got a flipping show.  we built our show into something! We're trying to help people, and it's impossible with these guys waving a Confederate flag every chance they get! Hey hey hey heeey! Stop it! Stop it!  I came to make a truce. Now look, there's been a lot of hurt here. Hurt from both sides. It's time to end it. What if I told you... I could get you all jobs? No, I've spoken to everyone in the community, and they've agreed to go along with my plan. I believe I have a solution to all of this. So, Heather and Mike, what we're thinking is to take out this wall between your kitchen and your living room to give you a more open concept, with space to entertain. So let's talk about materials. What'd you pick out, Sharon? Hey Darryl, add Bella Terra quartz slabs to our shopping list. And what about the back splash, Sharon? Hey Darryl, add Carrara subway tiles to our shopping list.  Hey Darryl, add Carrara su- Huh, that's- that's not what I said.  Hey, Darryl, add Carrara subway tile to my shopping list! Well, what kind of job did you think you were gonna get? Hey, Darryl, what kind of job did you think you were gonna get? Hey, Darryl, sorry, but you did not go to college, so you have to take the jobs you can get. Hey, Darryl. Hey, Darryl! Coal mining and truck driving are not exactly jobs of the future, so add Carrara subway tile to my fucking shopping list!  Hey Darryl, you're supposed to be at work. Hey Darryl, come on. Everyone else is tryin' to make this work, and all you keep doing is ma-  Hey Cleetus, volume down. Hey Cleetus, define "expunged".  Whoa. What the hell was that all about? I think something's going on with Darryl. If we're gonna get anywhere, we better figure out what. Darryl?  Darryl, come on! Everyone's trying to work things out but you! You're stuck in another time, afraid to change no matter how necessary that change may be! Why are you so closed-minded? Don't you see that these walls have to be broken down before any progress can be made? Oh, God, Darryl, I- Jesus, Darryl. I'm- I'm sorry. I-  Things are different now. It'll be harder, but you can change. You just have to demolish what's there and start over. No.  Hyah!  All right, Darryl, we've certainly been through a lot and I know you're anxious. Are you ready to see your new home? Well Darryl, what do you think? You like the breakfast nook? And where you used to have your gun case, look at what Sharon did.  Well, it is real and now you've got the space in your home to entertain all your friends and family. Come on in, guys! }} 