Oh my God, dude, this is sooo awesome! Oh, sweet!  This is awesome! Dude! That was so badass! The fuck is this?! I did. I'm the Rad Russian.  I come from Russian to crush your puny capitalist heads! All right! The Rad Russian. You capitalist swine, I'll crush you! Huh? Okay... The fuck is this?! Dude! Dude! DUDE!  The fuck are you doing?! That's not wrestling, dude, that's fucking gay! Well this is fucking lame dude! Let's get the hell out of here, guys.  The Wrestling Takedown Federation has several matches planned today. Alright, sooo, here's how we'll do this, guys. I'll come out to the ring first and then Jimmy, you come in and tell me you're gonna kick my ass. Then I'm gonna say "You slept with my girlfriend," and I'll charge you into a head slap. Then Butters, you come in as the ref all like "No no, the fight hasn't started yet," and that's when Jimmy sneaks up from behind and hits me over the head with a foldaway chair. Noo, let's save the "girlfriend is a whore" line until after Stan headbutts Butters for trying to stop the fight again. Alright are you ready to try this, guys? Alright, let's start wrestlin'.  You slept with my girlfriend, Hammerclaw!  Hey! He slept with my girlfriend, referee! In my country we don't wait for a bell, miste- ah!  Wait for it, wait for the whore line. And just what do you care about your pitiful country?! I might have to wait for my hepatitis test, but in the mean time, I have brought my comrade from Mexico to wrestle against you! Let me tell you something! Let me tell you something! It's true, I love Stan the Man with all my heart, but... I want to be with Juggernaut now. It's true. I was pregnant with your child and aborted it.  Do you know what it's like to have an abortion at seven years old? DO YOU? I've had so many abortions. I just... got addicted to them. I'm not in love with you, I'm in love with abortions. Don't you undestand?!  Alright you guys, let's bring it in.  I think we've done a really great job and let's just keep the energy up, you know, have a good flow, and have fun out there, okay? Oh what a perfect night for fighting. Lo, the moon sets upon the tips of the trees and I, the man known as the Rad Russian, start to stir with the excitement of violence.  You guys! You guys, listen to this! It's amazing! We just received a letter from the WWE. "Gentlemen, We have heard of your wrestling organization and are quite interested in its popularity. The WWE is delighted to inform you that it will be sending a talent scout, President Vince McMahon to view your wrestling event this Saturday the twenty-fourth." Okay guys! Guys, listen! We seriously have to focus here! We have exactly three days before the scout is here to see us wrestle. We gotta step it up and work it like never before. Thanks for coming, guys. I'm sure you're wondering why I've called you here to Sizzler. Well guys, Kenny and I have been talking. And, I mean, Smackdown might be our one shot at making it into the WWE, right? I mean a shot like this might never come again. Well, the way we see it, we have three primary obstacles in making Smackdown a great show: Tolkien, Butters, Jimmy. Guys, let's face it: they can't wrestle for crap! I mean, ''every time'' I wrestle with one of them, they flub a line or blow their monologue. And Tolkien? He has no emotion, no timing, he's the worst wrestler I've ever seen! Right? No dude, they're gonna hurt our chances. Because we all know that the new material I've written is stuff those guys can't handle, and we'll suffer from it! Yep. We've gotta bring somebody else on who can handle the more difficult roles that we can wrestle against instead of those guys. It's simple. We just gotta hold tryouts. Number seventeen step forward, please?  You're wrestling a Muslim immigrant. You suspect he could be a terrorist and your parents died in the 9/11 attacks. Go! Thank you! Number twenty-four?  You're wrestling for the right to marry Mackenzie Phillips, but just learned that she had sex with her father uh, go! Thank you.  Let's see uh, can we get number thirty seven to step forward again.  We just wanna get to know you all a little better. What can you tell us about yourself? Yeah, this guy crushes.  Alright, places everyone.  My man can do whatever he wants. You're just gonna have to deal with that. My body, my rights! In fact, I'm jonesing for the rush so badly, I don't think I'll make it to the clinic. Yes! I think maybe I'll have another abortion! Right here, right now! You! Get back in the trashcan where you belong! O, how I long for the spring meadows of Russia! The soft Russian sky! Just let them crawl back to Mexico Sergeant Hammerclaw.  We can't... might as well go back to your land of burritos, tacos, and take this aborted baby where it will fit in right with all the other aborted babies in Mexico! Hey, what about us? Our show?  This is all your fault, Kyle! You screwed up the second act! Oh, don't start with me, Kenny! Kenny! I'm-}} 