The first bugbear lashes out at Stan with its broadsword.  And it hits with a 17. 4 + 2 slashing I don't think bugbears have balls. Ah huh, ah, heh heh neh no. Um, guys, we play lots of games here at Dice Studz, but today  we're playing D&D. You don't just show up and start playing, you have to generate characters and- Eheh, ha, guys, um, they're fighting a bunch of bugbears now that are led by a 12th level druid...  It is unfair, it is tyrannous, and it is wrong! Ever since these girls were allowed to join Dice Studz Gamers Club, it has been a train wreck! Every single game, they like, figure out all the rules, and they, use the rules, to like, make us look stupid! Shut up, Butters. It's not possible. It's just that we play board games for the themes. We want to be pirates, or Vikings. You know what the girls think about? They think about red cubes versus blue cubes, and how much of this equals how many victory points. They're just doing math. NO! It's it's just, different.  "Nothing we can do," he said. "Hands are tied," he said. We're gonna have to deal with this ourselves, you guys. Well you won't think they're cool when the rest of us leave Dice Studz and you're left to play only solo board games! Do they involve math? Nope, no good. We need something with lots of, like WAR and DICE and THEMATIC shit. Alright, that's it, you guys. Dice Studz Gamers Club is about to go  tabletop miniatures.  Excuse me!  We're going to play the six-hour long, very thematic Nemesis!  It is unfair. It is tyrannous, and it is wrong. Dice Studz is a board game group that brings thrills and laughter to dozens of boys at our school. But that laughter is being turned into screams as girls constantly invade with their unfairness.  And now I'd like for you to hear from my friend Scott, who has diabetes.  Terminal diabetes.  We hope that our presentation has helped to change your minds about school clubs in our country. If not, we will be back, every single day. Please, let Dice Studz be for studs. Ahhh, isn't this nice, you guys? Clean, fresh air, soothing sounds, just us boys and Star Trek: Ascendancy." "Board Girls"? How lame is that?  The fuck is this? ... Yeah, who made up that stupid rule? Dude, I really like this person. That's right! You and your stupid rules! Yeah, an unfair advantage, stupid girls! Come on, Ms. Swanson. We can go make our own club.  