So these guys made fun of your weight and made you feel ashamed? Alright, why don't you take me back to what happened?  Hey! You got a fuckin' problem, Mackey! Because body-shaming is fuckin' serious, and I'm not gonna allow that shit in my school! ''[faces Cartman''] Nobody should have to feel that kind of shame! Morning, Kyle. Have a seat right there.  Well, Eric and I have been talking, and we've decided it's probably best for him to get off of social media. So what we're looking for is a student volunteer. Somebody who can put the things Eric wants up on the Internet for him and also filter through all the comments and make it more of a safe space for him. That's right. Kyle, you know what body-shaming is, right? How much it can hurt someone's life? All you have to do is check out all the comments, type out just the positive ones, and give that to Eric on paper. Okay, Kyle, well maybe you'd like two weeks' detention instead. You sure about that? That's two weeks' detention for you, bud! I'll see you at 4!  And when we said someone should probably help Eric by filtering out any negative comments, he mentioned you by name. Nothing funny about this, Testaburger! This is a big problem in our country! And that's two weeks' detention for you! Congratulations!  You want detention? Then you start today! Butters, it's your job to make sure Eric has a safe space. Alright everyone, listen up. In order to better understand the negative effects of body-shaming, we have a-  Hey, Seagal! Listen, that was a really amazing talk you gave to the kids. I can see that you're in a lot of pain, bro. I've got someone who I think can help. So I want you to do for Mr. Seagal the same thing that you're doing for Eric Cartman. This man took the time to come to your school and help spread body-shaming awareness! I think you can give him a little of your time! You know, if there's one thing I really respect, it's plus-sized models who challenge the idea of what makes a woman beautiful. These ladies are gonna be part of a big ad campaign for plus-sized lingerie, and we wanna make sure they're protected from any harassing comments. Hey, they're gonna putting themselves out there, and all I'm asking you to do is go through their social media and delete the two or three comments that are mean. I know it's a lot, but I just really need you to help these plus-sized models. And Vin Diesel. Look bro! You've done an amazing job with Eric Cartman. You have really turned his life around, and other people deserve... to be as happy as he is. <poem><i>Your safe spaaaace.</i></poem> <poem><i></i></poem> I guess... I asked too much of one kid. 