I don't really work out. People of South Park! We have all noticed a steep rise in everything Jersey lately. As many of you already know, everything east of the Rockies is now part of New Jersey! The Jersey Shore now includes Jacksonville, Miami, the Gulf of Jersey Mexico, and the Jersey Islands.  More people from Jersey are showing up in our town! If we don't do something, South Park is going to become West Jersey. Please, Governor. You have to send your troops to join us in this fight. We're just a small town. We can't stop New Jersey on our own. Can't you see that if we fall to New Jersey, California is next? Oh. Fine! But when Utah gets taken over by New Jersey, who's next?! Oh, really? Well, okay, Mr. I'm-Awesome-at-Geography! Please, Emperor Akishino! We need Japan's help to fight these people!  That's it, nobody's gonna help us! We're on our own! There is no support! Every ally America ever had is...  Sometimes when a threat is great enough, you have to turn to your enemies for help. We could ask Al Qaeda. Maybe it's time we put our differences aside and forgive them. People from Jersey? What is it? That thing is famous? Why? Don't let it get away! Where is it?!  Hello, Mr. bin Laden. My name is Randy, and I'm a geologist in America. I know that America isn't your favorite place in the world, but gosh darn it, we need your help. As you may know, we are trying to stop our entire country from becoming New Jersey. I believe that if we do not succeed, Jersey will spread to Japan, Russia, and eventually, to you. I know you have seen countless horrors in your lifetime, Mr. bin Laden, and that you have witnesses the very worst of mankind. Well, now I ask you to watch this.  Alright, Mr. Situation, we'll try this again! Why are you people doing this?! What does that mean?! Stop playing stupid!  What are you people planning?! Yup. They're from Jersey alright. This is where we make our stand! South Park will never be West Jersey!   Keep shooting! We're sick of you, Jersey! Then we've got to start falling back to Utah! It's Al Qaeda!  On a cold October night, a small town in Colorado stood up to New Jersey and finally said, "Go away!" Our fortitude was the inspiration for others and now, New Jersey is slowly receding back to the desolate land from whence it came. Our country's getting back to normal, and we owe it all to Osama bin Laden.  On this day let us all remember that no people on this earth are really enemies, only folks with differences.  We got him! 