One moment, ''please''. Nurse, I need 20 cc's of sodium pentathol, stat! We're an equal-opportunity employer here, son. I'll be right with you, right after I inject this man with a long needle. There there, young man. Medical science is nothing to be afraid of. Yes. I can hear the needle scraping against the bone inside. Oops, he's hemorrhaging.  Ooo! His head fell off. Ugh, some people just have a weak stomach. Well, this is about all I can do for him. Sorry, son, it might be a while. Now, son, that's not's gonna do him any good. I'll let you know if there's a change in his condition. My God, that's a hell of a storm. We're doing the best we can, ma'am. They've closed the pass and none of the other doctors can get through. For now, it's just me, and Nurse Goodly. Yes, I'm afraid we're critically understaffed. Unless we get help soon, all these people in here are completely fucked. Metaphorically speaking, that is. He's on full life-support and breathing fine. He shouldn't need any help - so long as the power doesn't go out. Oof. Who didn't see ''that'' coming a mile away, huh?  Nurse, I could use some help in here! Nurse, please! I need another pair of hands in here! Oh, sorry. Please, Mr. Chef. I've over 100 people to attend to an-and only myself and Nurse Goodly. Do you know anything about surgery? What?! Why the hell didn't you say so? Put on some scrubs! Boys, I'm making you all honorary doctors. You can help us save these people's lives. Miles' appendix has burst. I have no choice but to operate now with our limited power. I need you all to be strong for me.  Boys, you have to help with suction and bandages. Ready? Okay. First, I'll make an incision on the chest, over the heart. Suction! I found a map that shows the location of a backup generator. Apparently, they built a large self-sustaining generator- for just this kind of emergency. But it's out and away from the hospital. We must split up into two teams: Team A, and Team B. Team A will consist of myself, Stan, Kyle, Eric, Chef, and Nurse Goodly. Team B will consist of Kenny. Now, listen closely, Team B. Your goal will be to turn on the backup generator. To do this you must brave the storm outside and get into this sewage duct. Meanwhile, Team A will go to the holding area, here  where there is a television, and some cocoa. We will drink the cocoa and watch family programming until Team B makes it through the sewage duct. By that time, Team B- remember, that's you, Kenny- should reach the outer core of the generator. It will be a cold and dangerous climb to the top, and there could be velociraptors- here. Once you reach the top, you should be able to get a clear view from this windows of us drinking cocoa and watching television. Then, you could proceed down into the generator, and power it on. Are there any questions? Great, then, let's do it. Go, Team! Team B? Come in, Team B. Listen, Team B. We've found another path to the generator. There's actually a nice heated walkway to it, so you don't need to walk through all that sewage. Oh... Well, forget I said that, then. Listen, Team B, you should be seeing a large drift of snow with some metal sticking out of it just to your left. Good. Head towards it. Team A out. Roger, Team B.  Team B, can you see the two copper nodes? Good. Now, is there a wire connecting them? Damn! The wire connecting the nodes is gone! We need to complete the circuit between them, or we're screwed. There's no time! Once these lights flicker out all the patients on life-support are going to die! No, Kenny, you can't. There must be some other way! He's going to make the connection himself, with his hands. Kenny! Nnnoooooo! Quickly! Get the scanner running again! We've got a chance now! Well, we made it. The power is on, the snow is melting, and your friend Mephesto is doing fine. Where's the little fat boy? He'll be delighted that Mephesto's awake. 