Mom, Ike did it again. I don't know what's going on with him, but, it's like he hates me. I know, but he posted a message of me with a schlong on my head. Hey Ike, how's it going? I just wanted to see if maybe you want to do fingerpaints with me. Ike, I just want us to be friends again. Yeah, let's watch Yo Gabba Gabba, like old times. It always has been. See? This is nice.  What? Ike, is that chewing tobacco? No, I just don't think it's healthy.  Mr. Mackey, can I talk to you?  No. It's my little brother. He's really changing and I feel like- Right now. I don't know. What?  He's just... changing a lot. He walks around angry, telling me I'm stupid and, and all he talks about is sex. Yeah, he just seems so young. Let's just give it a chance, Ike. What the fuck is going on?! I don't know what else to do, dude. No matter what I try, me and Ike just seem to drift further apart! He doesn't even let me near him! What?? Oh, thanks!  I was ''trying'' to make an appointment to see the principal about getting excused on Friday. So I can take my brother to go see Yo Gabba Gabba Live. Hey Ike. Ike, I'm sorry, but I couldn't get us out of school Friday. I can't take you to Yo Gabba Gabba Live. I couldn't get in to see the principal, Ike. Ike, I do! I just-  Ike no! Stop! We're so sorry. Please forgive my little brother. He's going through puberty. That's what I thought.  Excuse me, but Ike has homework he's supposed to be doing. I'm your big brother, Ike!  I'm sorry, but right now I'm feeling- Hey! Will you get out of my living room, please?!  Hello?! What? No, this is his brother. Satisfied with-  Wait a minute. What medication?!  Ah I'm sorry, but I don't really care. I just want to know what medication my little brother has been getting from you, and why?! Yeah, but something is wrong with my brother and it might be your fault! You use IntelliLink?? Oh my God! Will you check his records please? I dunno!  Try "strangetamer." Are you saying that Ike has been given regular doses of hormones because of an IntelliLink screwup?! That system is totally screwed up and does nothing but wreak havoc! Ex-cuse me?! If my little brother has been getting some athlete's hormones, then who has been getting Ike's medication?! Ike! ''[runs up to him] Wait! ''[the rest of Yo Gabba Gabba show up] Ike, there's been a mistake. You don't understand. Because you're my little brother, Godddamnit!  And even when I'm fifty and you're forty-five, you're still gonna be my little brother! Ike, I don't care if you wanna grow up, I just wanna be by your side while you do it. Ike? It sure is. Do you want me to watch it with you, Ike? Yeah, I bet she does. 