Students, I would like to introduce you all to the future.  It's a nice... crane, a nice whoopin' crane comin' off Kyle's head there. Come in, m'kay. Oh-kay, have you set up a counseling appointment on IntelliLink? Ookay, that's fine, that's fine. We can use IntelliLink to see what's available. Let's see, counseling request. Students. Make appointment.  Uhkay, here we go. Uhkay, what do you need counseling with? Okay, I'll click on family issues. What time did you want counseling? Oo-kay, aaand, what is your brother's Intelligrated smart name? Alright, I can do a lookup for the name. Uh go back. Main menu.  Okay, uh... Okay, what is your smart name, Kyle? Sorry, Kyle, we're gonna need to maybe go somewhere else. Uh... find an IntelliLink panel somewhere. Okay, let's see, lights.  Okay now, Kyle, you had some concerns about your little brother? Well it sounds like he's hittin' puberty. Well, your brother is Canadian. Perhaps Canadian puberty is a little different. Why don't you educate yourself about Canadian puberty and it could be somethin' yeeyou and your brother can actually do together. M'kay?  You know, this is the first time I've been able to do counseling aaand go to the bathroom at the same time. IntelliLink is amazing. Okay, there we go. That's cut the speakers off. Now what was it you were trying to do, Kyle? No, this is gonna work! I called IntelliLink and they said they were sending over an engineer.  Yes! Yeah, a student is trying to make an appointment to see the principal. M'kay? Oh I see. Uh, I I needed the silver package? Okay okay? Can we do that? Well yeah, but see, the problem is not everyone is not everyone is signed on to it yet. I know that IntelliLink has had some... hiccups... uhkay. But I've hired a new faculty member whose sole responsibility will be to oversee the IntelliLink system and make sure it runs smoothly. I want you all to meet Pat Conners.   what the hell are you gonna do about it?! Getting acclimated?!  No, see, it's a $10,000 upgrade, but it should clean up all of Pat's mistakes. Well ih it's good to be a little defensive around you, Miles, m'kay. Let's, let's not forget that your wife died of an "accident" while you were "drinking" on a "hike," "N'kay!" No! Now you listen to me!  IntelliLink is a great idea, and we just need the Goddamned Gold Package! We are doublin' down! No, they have to be able to get grades! No! There's no more upgrades, m;kay?! I just want this  to work! I just want students to be able to make appointments to see the counselor, be able to see the school norse in the easiest, most streamlined fashion!  Alright, upgrade me to the Centurion package. 