What's ''High School Musical 1'' and ''2''? I have no idea.   Who the hell is that? Yeah, I guess we'd better check that movie out... Says this DVD sold more copies than any DVD ever made. I don't care how popular being like these kids becomes, I'm not doing it. All right, do we promise? We have to swear to each other right now we'll never become this.  Okay, good. But you didn't die? I don't know. There's nothin' I can do about it anyway. Stop.   Uh, Wendy? Look, I just want you to know, if you want to, you know, be with that Bridon kid, then you should. I mean, I see the way you two are together and I don't wanna be in your way. It is?  Really? What am I supposed to do? Can't just sit back and watch some kid steal my girlfriend away.  No-no, no, I'm not doing it! I'm not doing it! No, fuck off. I'm not doing it.  Hey, uh, listen. You know this whole singing and dancing thing you do? I think you need to uh, ease off a little bit. Yeah, look, I-I know you think the kids in school like you, but, actually they're all getting really annoyed. Yeah. You don't know 'cause you're just a third grader, but, take it from me,  you're driving everyone crazy. You don't like doing it? Basketball? Dude, you should do that! You should join the basketball team, right now!  Yes, you can. What's stopping you? No, dude, listen, you need to take a stand and tell your dad what you want! When you grow up and you're a fourth grader, you'll understand that you have to be tough and direct with your parents. Go to your dad and tell him you wanna give up singing and dancing, and join the basketball team.  Sweet. Aww! Hey kid, what happened?! I-I thought you didn't wanna sing and dance anymore?! Dude, what did I tell you?! You have to be tough and stand up for yourself!  This kid wants to join the basketball team. He's really good. You see? They need you. This is fate, kid, fate. Yeah, just go in at recess and shoot some ball with the team, God damn it!  Ah, shit. You guys, this High School Musical thing isn't gonna go away. I think we'd better just get on board with it. I know, but... I think we're really starting to become outcasts at school. We're losing all our credibility. I mean, look at who you guys are hanging out with now. Scott Malkinson, for Christ's sake. You can rip on him, but you guys ''are'' hanging out with him. Doesn't that make you think maybe your clout at school has slipped a little? That isn't true!  Okay, that's totally true. But you guys, we ''are'' at risk of becoming the unpopular kids Actually, this is ''High School Musical 2''. It has a dance-along part. Look, you guys might be fine with being outcasts and hanging out with Scott Malkinson, but I'm not! Scott Malkinson has a lisp and diabetes! Nobody's gonna let him do a musical! Look, guys.  everyone thinks Butters is way cooler than any of you. <poem><i>Try to do what you wanna do!</i></poem> <poem><i>involves needing scissors and glue!</i></poem> Huh?  But the girls like singing and dancing. But... No, we just... No, no wait. We just got good at this! Aw!. 