 Stanley, you are gonna have no part in that boy band.  would you do that too? '''''You are not gonna be in a boy band, Stanley! AND THAT IS FINAL!'''''  Where is Stan? '''''What?! I specifically told him not to do that!''''' And what if they do make it, Sharon? What if they ''do'' make it? Are ''you'' gonna be the one to tell 'im?!   Stanley, what the hell are you doing? You get in the truck right now!   Stanley, it's just that there's better things you could be doing on a Saturday than singing and dancing. You could be watching TV or, laying in bed. Well, there's plenty of other interesting you can do. Have you ever tried marijuana? Well, maybe it's time. Because I said so! Let 'em be pissed off, then! '''''No!!'''''   ...I was... I was 18 when my high-school men's choir performed at the grand opening of a sporting-goods store in Denver.  And just like that I left everything. I dropped out of high school... ...I said good-bye to my girlfriend... ...And I left my family. And suddenly there I was, thrown into a group with four other young men who I didn't even know.  The songs were terrible. But believe it or not, the country ate them up. The next thing I knew, we were the biggest thing in the world.   And then one day, just as quick as it started... They said that after all the money we had made we were in debt to the studio, so they towed my car... ...the women all left... ...and they took back my house. The only thing I could do was come back to Colorado, and face everyone that I had abandoned.  And so you see, Stanley, I... do know what I'm talking about. I didn't ''want'' you to know. Because now I'm a joke. Ever since then, I've wished ''every single day'' that I could go back to that moment when I was offered the job and say, "No!" Because all the fame and the money, the women... All it did was build me up, so that I could be knocked down harder than anybody in the world.  Huh? Yeah?  Stan, it was wrong of me to try and stop you from joining a boy band without explaining why. I've made some mistakes in my life, and now... I have to let you make your own mistakes. You know, in a way, I think I was even jealous of you being in a boy band. Isn't that stupid? Well, come on. I'll drive you down to the mall. Yeah. I wanna see what you guys can do. And then we'll go buy you a small toy so that you can forget all about this. Yeah. I guess I still got it in me a little.  