Killing our kids?  Oh my God! Sheila! Come look at this! We have to protect our children from this, Sheila. Twenty percent of American students aged six to twelve say they have tried cheesing at least once. Kids also refer to it as "the cheese game", or "vitamin cheese", or "Mary Jane piss in your face fun time". Cheesing is spreading fast. I have written up a bill that would make having a cat illegal in the city of South Park. With my super lawyer powers, we can rid our town of cats, so that our kids can never get high again! Kyle! Kyle, can we talk to you for a minute, please? Kyle, have you been getting high?! Then why did your mother find this  in your dresser drawer?! How long have you been on the cheese?! Get up to your room right now until your mother and I figure out how to deal with this! Now, Kyle! First thing is we've gotta dispose of this! I'd better just... take it down to the basement for now, m-make sure Kyle can't find it.   I couldn't stay away. Curse your rockin' tits! Hey everybody. Good to see you again.  Huh... how come? What?  Get out of here, kid! You're too young for this stuff! She's mine, you little asshole! I would like to address a personal matter: I have let myself down. And I would first like to apologize to my lovely wife. And to the people of South Park.  We have to learn that cheesing just isn't worth it. Sure, you get to fight in the Breastriary, and swim in the Fountains of Varnov with the Itty Titty Fairies of Mammary Mountain. And then you fight the Boob Goblin in the Gazongas Cave, and then the girl may thank you for it. But she. Isn't. Real. Problem is, the more you go into that world, the more you need to go. Until you start blowing off all the real people who care about you.  Cats aren't the problem. We made cats illegal and and then I cheesed for the first time in ten years. And kids are always gonna find a new way to get high. Like sniffing glue or licking toads, or fermenting feces or huffing paint. You can also look at- The point is, I was wrong. Its time to legalize cats!  