And I'm Rick Cartman. Parent-teacher conferences will be held this Wednesday night, from seven to nine. So kids, get a lot of playing in before you get grounded. And now, for a look at what's on the menu for school lunch today, here's Stan Marsh.  ...Hard-hitting reporting, Stan. Thanks a lot. And now, here with the celebrity watch is Butters Stotch. Butters, seen any celebrities? All right, Butters, keep your eyes open. Kyle Broflovski now joins us for a look at sports. And Kyle, the girls' basketball team just can't get it right. Cows are on a six and O slide since Kelly's father left for that business trip. All right, nice reporting, guys. Nice.  How many students is that? What is that butthole doing now?! Please, Mr. Meryl, but, the news is our life. Without it, we have nothing. ...You're gay! Fuck off, Whistlin' Willy. We're not in the mood.  God, I wish we had a Pizza Hut in South Park. Go play with yourself, Craig.  Kenny, what the hell are you doing with this asshole?! It should be Sexy News. Right. We should make up stories, because they'll be far more interesting. Nice, Butters, write that down! And panda bears for the preschoolers. We're in fourth grade, Jimmy. We don't even know what ethical means. Ah, Tolkien, can I have a quick word with you?  Look, Tolkien, I-I know the guys are having trouble bringing this up with you, but uh... Well the thing is, Tolkien, we... we really need to revamp your whole TV persona. You see Tolkien, people really enjoy seeing African-Americans on the news... ''Seeing'' African-Americans on the news, not hearing them. That's why all African-Americans newspeople learn to talk more... wha-, how should I say... white.  Tolkien, all the great African-Americans news people have learned to ''hide'' their ebonic tribespeak with a more pure Caucasian dialect. There's no shame in it, and I think it'll really help our ratings. Is South Park about to explode from a methane gas leak? More on that later. But first, Stan Marsh has a look at some new outfits for the Raisins girls! And now, for a look at the weather, here is Tolkien Black, and Tolkien, I hope there's no tornadoes headed our way.  Oooo, hang on, Jimmy, it looks like Kyle has the dish on some students' bathroom habits. Kyle?  Oh yeah, Panda Bear Madness! And now, let's get a look at the celebrity watch, with Butters. All right, so after my report on the unsanitary conditions of the school cafeteria, we're go to Kyle for the story on Brian Teeves trying to make out with Susan Farkle. Oooo, interview with the vice-President, hmmm. Frankly, Jimmy, I don't know how we're gonna fit that in between cheerleader pie-eating and Who's got skidmarks Monday. It's boring news, Jimmy. All right, tell me about it.  Aww! Ohh! God, I just got so sleepy. I'm sorry, what were we talking about? Oh man, this is ''so'' great! We, we worked so hard to be on top! Oh, oh come'ere you!  I can't lose this extracurricular credit. I need it to pass fourth grade! How about we have us, um... hmmm. Wait, I've got it.  Crab people. They're like half crab, half people, and they live below the ground.  Butters, only gay little dweebs read the funnies! How about we do a show where we kill Butters?  We have crab people. Just sayin'. That sounds perfect.  Huh. I don't have any ideas yet.  Stan, are you getting good ideas?  Oh dude, I just got the best idea! Dude, this TV show is awesome. I-I did. I wrote something down.   They call it cough syrup, cough medicine, cold and flu remedy. But behind closed doors at South Park Elementary it also has a street name. Coochie, wombat juice, tigger yum yum. Hello, I'm Rick Cartman. Today, the Sexy Action School News Team takes you inside the dark and lonely world... of cough medicine abuse. And now, for a quick celebrity check, here's Butters Stotch.  Haha! In your face, Craig! This sucks. I don't wanna keep havin' to come up with ideas for shows all the time. It hurts my head.  ...I think bail. 