Eric, it looks as though the school will be serving a chicken cutlet. Now, that's traditionally a uh-a white meat chicken... ''breast'', if you will, that has been breaded, and then cooked. I've been told there will also be tater-tots and a vegetable dish. This is really shaping up to be a ah-ah one fantastic lunch. Eric?  Yeah, I think that was one of our best shows yet. ...Craig's show?? But that's... that's crap! That's not even TV! Apparently it doesn't matter how hard you work.  Your idea took about this much thought, Craig!  Token! Now, come on, guys! We worked too hard to just roll over for Craig and his stupid overall deal. Instead of sitting here feeling sorry for ourselves, we just need to figure out how to make our show better! Come on, guys!  All right, we all need to come up with ideas for our show. Yeah, Sexy Action, that's good. We have to appeal to all the students, so we, we need hot girls for the sixth graders... Good! All right, Sexy Action School News Team, it's time to go to work. Get out there and get some stories! Eric, the outfits are even skimpier than before, leaving very little to the imagination. No doubt that if I were a little older, I would be aroused. Then, let's do Tolkien's report on how global warming is going to kill everyone in the fifth grade. No, Jimmy, the school is already dumb. We're just giving them what they want. I knew we could do it! Craig's ''new'' show? Hey wha-b-but we gave it our best.  I don't believe it. Yeah. To save our show, all we need to do is come up with the best idea for an episode ever! Come on, doesn't anybody have any show ideas? Look, you guys, if Craig can do it, we can do it! Come on!  How about we do... a show... with us... ughhh. Crab people?  Dude, I think we can do a little better than crab people. We're hopelessly stuck, completely out of ideas.  "Warning: Taking more than the recommended amount can cause severe side effects." Uh, yeah, we need to come up with some ideas and inspiration, so we're gonna drink a bunch of cough medicine. I guess we'll just take all of 'em. It's... it's the greatest show of all time. You guys. You guys, wake up!  We took a bunch of cough medicine to come up with ideas for our show. I didn't come up with anything. You guys, we watched Craig's show all night long. No, but don't you see? We didn't think it was great before. I think I understand now.  I think I know why Craig's show gets such great ratings! Half the school is high on cough medicine!  Even in the girls' bathroom!   We showed the shocking footage to the principal! The cough medicine problem used to also run rampant in neighboring Middle Park Elementary. But they took action: riddled their entire town of cough medicine, and what we see now is a happier school, 100% cough medicine-free.   Gee, what a coincidence. Nobody has any ideas? ...Bail.  