 Nothing. Just leave me alone, okay? It's just uh... that essay that Garrison assigned us. I don't like thinking about what I wanna be when I grow up, alright?!  Because when I grow up, I wanna be something that I know I can never be, Stan!   No I can't; I'll always be like this.  Come on you guys, I have to face facts. NASCAR is only for poor and stupid people. I don't have what it takes!  I'm not poor and stupid enough to do NASCAR, and I never will be! Oh really? Hey, hey Kenny! You love NASCAR huh? You see I told you guys!   Thanks, Stan, but even if I was I'd still be too rich.  Then maybe I can make myself believe it too.  Butters. Butters, the guys have been talkin' to me and well, they've got me pretty pumped up.  I'm psyched! But  psyched up?? Get really psyched up, Butters! I'm gonna become a NASCAR driver, Butters. I'm goin' for the gold! I know, I'm not poor an' stupid enough. But I change that, Butters,  Here, I want you to take all my money. Every bit of it, Butters. Fifty-eight dollars and thirty-two cents.  From this moment on, I am poor. Like Kenny.  This is my shot. I'm gonna get as poor an' stupid as I possibly can. Ahh Butters. Did you give away all my money? I need to get stupid, Butters. I'm getting all the blood to rush to my head and watchin' a marathon of ''Two and a Half Men''. Not yet. Aw Goddammit, another Vagisil commercial?! Fucking gross!  we need Vagisil! "Vagisil, Vagisil Maximum Strength, Vagisil Wash, Vagisil Medicated Wipes." Which one do I use to kill brain cells? Well, just buy me one of each of 'em, Butters. I'm totally poor Butters. Did you forget? Goddammit Butters! Alright just... just keep a lookout, I'll try it here.  Is anybody coming? Mm, 'kay, Mm.  Oh my God! Butters!  I feel kind of stupid! Yes, YES! I'm feeling totally stupid right now. Grab what you can and let's get out of here. I'm ready!   Don't worry, Butters, I'm totally poor and stupid. I'm ready for NASCAR. Let's go NASCAR!  I'm not moving, Butters. What's that? Oh okay.  Kewl, NASCAR! Sweet!   All that work... All the effort I put in... I still wasn't poor and stupid enough to win.  Don't you get it Butters?! It's never gonna happen for me! Those people are way more poor and stupid than I'll ever be. I might as well kill myself. I've given away all my money! Drank enough Vagisil to kill every brain cell I have! But it still wasn't enough. Just pull the plug on me, doctor. I don't wanna live like this. Aw donkey balls... Thanks, doc, but you aren't gonna make me feel any better. Could it be I... only lost the race because I somehow wasn't poor enough? Get me my coat, Butters. We're gonna try this thing again.  Oh hey, Kenny!  Come in dude, I wanna show you what I've been workin' on.  Kenny, I'm just trying to get good at NASCAR.   Hey, I love NASCAR just as much as you do! Oh it's sooo easy for you, isn't it, Kenny?! I've had to become poor all on my own, you know?! I wasn't born with a plastic spoon in my mouth! I've had to go buy stuff with 0% down and no payments for two years my-self! I didn't have parents to do it for me like you do!  Look Keh- Kenny, Kenny. We shouldn't be fighting. We both love NASCAR and we're both poor as shit. Yeah? ...Uh oh. Awww, sweet!  No way, this is so tits! Dude, check it out, Kenny! My very own NASCAR! Aww coool, huh Kenny?   Yeah, we like the track, yup. We gotta graft them banks an' specs, it's like an oval, so we're gonna drive straight and then we're gonna be turnin' to the left. Compensate yer blake fluid an' git yer, git yer... b-brake workin' so you can stop sometimes. Ewww, bring it on, Earnhardt, you scared of the competition?! I'm just as poor an' stupid as you! I'm gonna drive and I'm gonna go fayast and I'm gonna turn to the left sometimes! Uh-ho! Bring it on, Danica! You dumb bitch! Think I can't steer left better than you?! Thanks, B-butts. I really think I can hold my own against these guys. Little worried about that Jimmie Johnson guy though; he seems dumber than spit. And that Danica Patrick chick? Phew! We're gonna need to get even poorer and stupider, Butters. Both of us. Alright, what's up NASCAR fans? I don't know about y'all, but this President Obama is pissin' me off! So I'm gonna do some dip and speak my mind. Today I'm gonna be dippin'...  He's fuckin' gay as hell!  So y'all be sure to catch us in our next race. We're about as poor an' stupid as they fuckin' come, so come down an' cheer for us at NASCAR on Saturday! Obama's gay as hell! Alright, "start your engine." What's that mean?  NASCAR! Yee-ah! Yeah, just the pace lap! I'm gonna hit the, hit the brake!   Woowee, ain't nobody can stop muhey! Oh yeah, I see it.   You see that? Daynicuh Patrick tried to get in my way. That pisses me off! Whoop I'm comin' up on that turn thing again. I got to stayer left.  Get out of the way you idiots, I'm tryin' to win this dayum thang! ''"[Cartman made it back on the track]"'' I'm back own the track.  What the... Kenny! What the hell are you doing?!  Get off my car, Kenny! We're tradin' paint!  Oh it's sooo easy for you, isn't it, Kenny?! I have to prove myself!  Aww! You dumb bitch! Butters, this bitch is tryin' to wreck mah car. Fuckin' gay as hell.    No, no, Kenny, go ahead. I deserve it.  I thought I could just waltz onto a racetrack and do what these people do. But I owe you an apology. The truth is I'm just too smart. And with how smart I am I'll always be successful and therefore have money. I just have to accept I'm too smart and rich for NASCAR. Time for me to give it up. Alright Butters, give me back my money.  The fifty eight dollars and thirty two cents I gave you! I want it back! Goddammit Butters, you'd better have it! Butters, you're always trying to screw me over! 