But I don't really care about that.  Ohh, alright. Uhhh... Hi. Uh, yeh-yeah, okay. Beginning today, we're taking the show in a new direction. We've got some very interesting people coming on the show this week for you, our viewers. Today's guest is: TV's Gilligan, Mr. Bob Denver. Hi, Bob Denver. So. Bob. So, yu-you just get in town?  So... Um... Su-so, wwhat have you been up to?  Oh boy. Yeah? Uh-oh, sssooo what are we supposed to do? If you're just joining us, we've been listening to Michelle's incredible story of survival. Go on, Michelle. And yet, somehow, he managed to survive. W-well, let's see if the audience has any questions. Yes, uhh, you over there. Kick ''who'' to the curb? But-- Uuh-I think we've somewhat missed the point here. Let's go to somebody else. Yes, your comments. Wha-what are you talking about? Uhh, we'll be back right after these messages. Uhhh, clever? Unless what? Look, why don't we just stick to our own show? People will watch again. What video tapes? Yea, children. I am the way and the light... We're back with Jimbo and his nephew, Stan. These kids can't stop lying, can't they? Is that true, Stan? Uhh, we'll find out more about this ''debauchery'' when we return. Welcome back to ''Jesus and Pals''. Jimbo, why do you think little Stanley lies? Wow. Now, Stanley, it sound like your uncle is really worried about you. O-okay, okay, that's enough. Uh, let's watch the language, people. Let's all just..make our way back to our seats. Let's all just..make our way back to our seats. Shut the fuck up! Jesus, what is wrong with you people?! Look around you, Stanley. Look at all the pain and suffering your lie has caused. The ''entire'' Vietcong Army? Is it? And as for you, Stan uh, I think you need to kick your drug habit and-- Wait. Jimbo made that up? What? Oh, really? W-wait, everybody. Come back. I want to apologize to all of you for what happened in there. In our competition for ratings we lost sight of why we got into show business in the first place. Actually, I was referring more to the pursuit of truth, but—Well, anyway, I can't wait to get back to my old show without all the glitz and the ratings and producers and--  I sent her away. 