  I heard what you said! You wanna take drivin' privileges away from seniors! Well let me tell you something, peckerface! I worked fifty five years in the steel mill! And I flew Spitfires over Germany in World War II! And I will be God-damned if the government thinks it can step in and take away my right to drive! Seniors of South Park, I don't know about you, but I am mad as hell! That's right! Now, ...can anybody remember what we're pissed off about?  Now, remember we're all pissed about something and uh... that's why we had this meeting, but I... can't for the life of me re- That's right! They're gonna try and take our licenses away! And I, for one, am mad as hell! So now, what are we gonna do about it? That's right. So you know what I think we should do? I think we should have a senior citizens' meeting! Get all the seniors together at the community center and unite! ...Oh, right, this ''is'' the meeting.  All right, great meeting everyone. Let's do it again sometime. Billy, get in the car! I need you boys to help me pick up my new Hov-Around. God-damnit Billy! You're supposed to listen to your dad, right?! Well I'm your dad's dad, and that means you get in this car before I tan all your hides! Okay, all set?  Eh?  Go around. Go around, you moron! I ain't got one! You peckers took it! You just try taking me to jail, scrotum-head! You just try! Stupid son of a- God damnit! Oh God damnit, don't you lecture me you son of a bitch! Now my son is gonna talk to me like I'm twelve. Kiss my sagging ass! Well I won't be sitting here long! I've already called the AARP! The American Association of Retired Persons! The largest political group in the country! When seniors like me are bein' discriminated against, the AARP comes and sets it right!  And you're gonna be sorry when they get here!  Yes? Oh, it's nice to meet ya, Bill. Ha! There you go, Mr. Smartmouth! Look at you now! Isn't that a little extreme, Bill? The time when you can tell me what to do is over, pucky-boy! We're in charge now! All right, we've got control of the Mayor's office and the fire station. We want our licenses back! Uh, I appreciate what the AARP is tryin' to do for us, but uh, all we want is our licenses back. Wipe 'em out?? What are you? Senile? That's right. I know. I guess sometimes us seniors need to know when to stop driving so we don't put the responsibility on our families. Sure. I'll drive. 