Oh! Hey, Kyle!  Not much. I just wanted to make sure you heard the fuh-fantastic news. There's a new Terrance & Phillip mobile game, and it's so amazing and incredibly fun. Yeah! And the most unbelievable part? It's totally free. You should download it to your phone right now. I mean, come. On. If it's free, why wouldn't you? You betcha, pal.  Pssst. Hey, kid. Come over here.  Yeah, come on over. Ch-check this out. You looking to have some fun? The Terrance & Phillip mobile game.  All the cool kids are usin' it. Come, on, just try it out. You can be Terrance or Phillip or both. You can walk around and collect Canada cash to build new stuff.  Why sure fellas.  Anyway, be sure to check it out, kid. Just hangin' out. What are you up to? I just think it's a fabulous app, that's all.  Alright, alright! I never played it. I stay away from the stuff. They pay me to! Is it my responsibility what people decide to do with their feh-f-free time? I was just a middleman.  People were going to learn about the game somewhere if not from me. I'm not the one who made it. How do you get people addicted to crack? You give it away for free. You give away a little taste and then... and then some people... can't stop themselves. I needed the money, alright?!  I downloaded Yum Yum Sparkly Gem Forest because it was free. I love the sparkly little gems. The sounds they made when I got new ones. Then I made my first in-app purchase. Before I knew it I had spent my allowance, then my birthday money, I LOST my CRUTCHES! It's a figure of speech with crippled people. We'd say we lost an arm and a leg, but they ain't worth much.  Why do you think freemium games send you those text notifications when you haven't played in a while? It's called a trigger. A quick image to trigger the addict's brain. They know exactly what they're doing. Fellas, can I have a moment with Stan, please? This is my fault, Stan. I should have never told you the game was fuh fufuh fan-fantastic. I know this stuff is hard to understand. Trust me, I know. I'm an addict too. But I got help. What all the addiction programs say is true. You've gotta reach out to a higher power, Stan. You've gotta get down on your knees, and you've gotta say "I have a problem." And you've gotta ask that higher power for help.  