Nice bolo tie, Stan. Bolo ties are...  really in right now. Cool you have one. No, dude, it's... badass. ...Dude, it's fucking gay as fuck. You may suck our collective balls, sir!  I told you guys. I've been watching all day. This is a new time. A new era of science that only the smartest can comprehend.   That's right.  Oh, I'm an asshole for doin' math! Hey Craig. Goin' on? Tolkien! Bet your mom has some old jewelry she wouldn't notice missing. Bebe! You got those rhinestones in your earrings, I'll have some walking cash! I can probably offer you a-  Butters, what the fuck?! "My arms hurt." Pick the fucking sign up, Butters! This is a business!  Oh ahhhh, three bucks. We got crappy jewelry Butters. Now all we need are some old people. Okay, next item? Next item we're gonna do is uh, 5 5 2 1 6 uh 7, 7 5, 5  This is 200 carat Brazilian emerald and plasticine ring. I'm gonna start bidding for this ring at, um, let's see, eight billion dollars. Eight billion dollars, opening bid. We've gotta sell this ring today. Tell you what, I'm gonna take it down a little. We're gonna drop that price down to... $75.95. At this price it's not gonna last for lo-oh, we got a caller already, Butters? Butters? Look like- Did we sell it? Yep, seventy-five ninety-five, that's what the ring just sold for. Do we have the buyer on the line? Hello? YES, you just bought this lovely 200-carat ring. How do you feel, Mrs...? Can I ask you something, Mrs. Appleby? Do you like fucking little boys? Just wondering if you fuck kids all the time, 'cause that's what you just did with this deal. You just got an $8,000,000,000 ring for seventy-five ninety-five. You fucked me good, Mrs. Appleby. Congratulations, ma'am. Were you just flippin' through the channels and saw me selling this ring and thought "Hm, I'd like to fuck that kid!" Oh-kay, thanks for shopping with us. I gotta get the taste of old lady dick out of my mouth. Bye! Man that's good acting. I should get an award. Suck my balls, suck my balls...  Hello!  Yeah, listen, I'm running a resale business, but I can't get enough of people's unwanted crappy jewelry to keep up, so I'd like to buy some of yours. I get by. Let's see, I'm gonna need some gold necklaces, diamond bracelets, and emerald earrings. Oh, I don't know, I guess I'll take that ring there. And uh, maybe I'll that one for three hundred. How about that panzanite bracelet for nine ninety five.  What d'ja say? Wait a minute. How much do you pay for this stuff? Okay, quit the act! I'm not fucking you and you know it! Nono, you fucked me! Fuck you! My balls, my balls, suck 'em dry...  Motherfucker!  You dirty double-crossing assholes! You're trying to cut me out, huh?! You guys stole my formula, then tried to fuck me- Butters!  -and then tried to fuck me out of your business! No, they're getting fucked by Asian ladies! 