  Look, it was a gift from my grandpa, okay? And it cost a lot of money.  It happens to be worth six thousand dollars! Yeah dude. It's a recreation of the bolo tie worn by King Henry V.  I really wish if my grandpa wanted to give me something, he'd just give me the money! No, my grandpa gave to me as a present. But it's worth so much I reel really bad accepting it, so I just want the cash. ...What? That cost my grandpa six thousand dollars. Those are real diamonds on the outside. Fifteen bucks?! Yeah, I'm not gettin' taken advantage of!  Yeah! Here's one.  Yeah dude, you can test them.  This is the same bolo tie worn by King Henry V! I wanna see how much you'll give me for this gold and turquoise diamond bolo.  A six-layer burrito? Dude, my grandpa paid $6000 for something barely worth anything. How? How does something like this happen? But, how do they get away with that? What are you talking about? Grandpa?  Grandpa. She doesn't like jewelry, Grandpa. She's not a baby, Grandpa, she's thirteen. Yes, Grandpa. Don't worry, Grandpa. I'm gonna take care of this!  Yeah, hi. Um, you should kill yourself? I said, you should kill yourself? What you do is sort of, unjustifiable? And you know it's unjustifiable? And you don't care? You're the definition of evil? Kill yourself? I just read that the day shopping networks make most of their money is on the day seniors pick up Social Security checks? Kill yourself. No I wouldn't. No, because I really want you to kill yourself. I don't care what happens to me, I care about my grandfather, you morally empty corrupted maggot! Nono, uh it doesn't matter what price you put on anything! Your only chance to right the wrongs you've done, and repay all the elderly people whose lives you've destroyed, is to kill yourself. I'm not joking.  Do it. Do you have any idea what it would feel like to start losing your memories?! No! Because you don't have someone in your life suffering from Alzheimer's! Well I do! Yeah?! Well there's an old Hindu saying: "Whoever smelt it, dealt it!" YOU are the scums of the earth! Old people are victimized by shopping networks and YOU kick back in your fat-cat mansions, making billions! You're not?  Somebody is at the head of all this, and somebody needs to pay! All I want is some Goddamned retribution for my Goddamned grandpa!  Oh, yeah. Actually, this might kind of work. So the we went to India, which is pretty cool I guess. I've never been there before. And we basically learned that whoever smelt it, denied it, and rhymed it actually dealt it. Yeah, I guess so. Anyway Grandpa, I wanted to give you something.  Yeah. Cool. I, I won't wear it anymore. 