That's right, Stanley. Animals are ''much'' easier to shoot in the morning. Don't worry Mrs. Cartman, we'll take good care of him. I brought my old war buddy Ned to keep things safe. Oh, ho, that's disgusting. That's the spirit boys, let's get that testosterone flowin'. Now boys, boys, ah-I need to get serious for a minute. I want you to understand a few basic rules of hunting, since this is your first time. First, don't ''ever'' walk with your gun unless the safety's on. Second, don't shoot anything that looks human, and third, never spill your beer in the bullet chamber. You what?!? Well, we'll be doing plenty of drinking on this trip; After all, hunting sober is like ...fishing ...sober. It sure will be nice to get out of the city for a while, away from civilization. Welp, here we are. Okay, each of you young 'uns take a gun, a beer and some smokes. Hey, look out son, that's dangerous. You're gonna spill your beer. Boys, looky there. That there's a Rocky Mountain black bear ...one of the few remaining of its kind. Isn't it beautiful... By God, it's coming right for us! Shhh, not so loud. Now that there's just a technicality. You see boys, the Democrats have passed a lot of laws trying to stop us from hunting. They say we can't shoot certain animals anymore, unless they're posing an immediate threat. Therefore, before we shoot somethin', we have to say 'It's coming right for us.' Ohho, it's a deer. Looks like about a .46 gauge, Ned. It's coming right for us! Did you see that?! I was imperiled by that ferocious, charging buck.  Let's move, moove! This one's yours Stan. It's coming right for us. What the? What's wrong with you? What the hell are you talking about, 'you don't wanna shoot the bunny?' You're babbling, you're not making any sense, you're hysterical. No nephew of mine is gonna be a tree-hugger. Well, Ned, looks like we'll have to use the old Indian fire trick. Hehehaahaa, hey, stop-drop-and roll Ned. Haaahaaaaahaha!! Goddamnit Ned, I just got that van. How the hell are we supposed to get home? And then... Ned picked up the grenade and... BOOM, blasted his arm clear off. We spent three hours looking for that damn arm, but it was never to be found. Some say it's still crawling around to this day. Hah, got ya. Hey Ned, hand me that gin. You boys want to tie one on? What the hell's wrong with you? Can't you have a little alcohol? Christ, look at that little bastard go! Now you see that Stan? Now, now ''that'' is a dirty little bastard! Hey Ned, why don't you whip out the ol' cancer kazoo? Let's do a little song. What a beautiful morning for fishing. There's one, there's a fish right there! Great instincts boy. Who? The fat kid? Ah hell, I guess we better go look for him. Ned, we got to cut it short. Fire out the 12-20! Well, I think that's about the limit for our fishing permit. Heh, I don't think I've ever seen a kid as cool as you Kenny. I'm making you... my honorary nephew. Uh, well, he couldn't have gone far, unless something drug him off. Yeah, it's almost like something funny's going on. Christ, Ned, what'd you have for breakfast. Wait, there's a ram! It's coming right for us! Nice shootin' Kenny. Here, you need a bigger gun. Holy crow! We could make a mint killing this thing. This calls for some HJ-14. Fire in the hoooole! Damn it, I think I missed. C'mon, let's move, move! These look like its tracks. He must have gone this way. Ned, prepare some HK-12 and some plasticine. I'll bet that sucker's headed for a higher elevation. The higher up it- BIRD!!  The higher up it goes, the better it can breathe. Are we sure it's Scuzzlebutt? I can't tell; let's kill it! Kenny, you take the front. That's the spirit, kiddo. Let's hunt! You pansy! give me that gun. What the Sam Hell? Yepper, but I think we've learned some important lessons Ned I think that- The mountain! It's blown it's top! That lava's coming right for us!! What the hell is this trench doing here?!? We can't get across! Jimminy Pope, it's the real Scuzzlebutt! Quick Ned, shoot it! Well boys, I'm sorry I got you all killed. Hey, he's saving us. Damn it Stan, you shouldn't have done that! Stan, some things you kill, and some things you don't. See? But Kenny's dead now, Stan, and you're always going to be my nephew. And you can't just kill ''anything.'' You understand? 