You TiVo every episode of ''Family Guy''? Yich.  Yich. Oh man, that's not cool! Seriously, that is not cool. What's the big deal? You guys, they just made fun of the religion of an entire group of people.  What, you guys think that's okay?! Do you care at all about people's feelings?! That's different! I'm just a little boy! That's a cartoon! Millions of people watch it! How would you feel, Kyle, if there was a cartoon on television that made fun of Jews all the time?! Huh?! I'm telling you guys, it's wrong! It's WRONG!!  Yeah, Kyle. Maybe you think this is funny, but the rest of us don't. Mrs. Garrison, that is ignorant and racist! Muslims are mad because of ''Family Guy'', not because they can't jack off! Right, Wendy? What? Goddamned ''Family Guy''! Now they're just provoking people! It's like they ''want'' a holy war! You guys, this is serious! We have to do something! We have to go to the FOX network in L.A. We have to go and... try to get that episode pulled. You guys with me? Then we'll ride our Big Wheels. If that's what it takes, yes! We ''have'' to talk to the network! The ''Family Guy'' writers aren't gonna back down! Intimidated?! Is that what you think this is about, Kyle? All right, fine, Kyle. Forget the Muslim faith for a minute. People can get hurt. If ten people die because ''Family Guy'' just had to have their little joke, will you still think it's funny?  Come to try and stop me?!    Yeah. I do understand, Kyle. I've been doing the wrong things for a long time. Doing things for my own selfish reasons. I just wanna do something right, you know? Just this one time. You know we might not even make it into the studio. So what made you change your mind? Well Kyle, we'd better get going. Are you set? All right, let's roll!  Yes, and in just a few weeks from now, ''Family Guy'' will be off the air forever. It's simple television economics, Kyle. All it takes to kill a show forever is get one episode pulled. If we convince the network to pull this episode for the sake of Muslims, then the Catholics can demand a show ''they'' don't like get pulled. And then people with disabilities can demand ''another'' show get pulled. And so on and so on, until ''Family Guy'' is no more! It's exactly what happened to Laverne & Shirley. Because they made f-fun of Muslims, and and that's wrong.  Do you have any idea what it's like?! Everywhere I go, "Hey Cartman, you must like ''Family Guy'', right?" "Hey, your sense of humor reminds me of ''Family Guy'', Cartman."  I am NOTHING like ''Family Guy''! When I make jokes, they are inherent to a story! Deep, situational and emotional jokes based on what is relevant and has a POINT! Not just one interchangeable joke after another!! YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND! Well... I guess you won't be helping me now. No biggie. I don't NEED you to get the episode pulled!  Well then Kyle, I guess we- ...Oh my God, is that Tim McGraw? Kyle, stop it! Holy Crap!  Hahahaha! So long, Kyle!   This... explains everything.  Kyle, quit it! Stop it, Kyle! 