Alright, stop, stop, stop!  There's another army out there who thinks they're better than us, and we are not going to be beat by that traitor whore Kenny! Get back to training!  The men are just inexperienced, Sir Kyle. They need more training. That Goddamn traitor! You know why Kenny's doing this, right? Because he wanted to be a princess, and I wouldn't let him!   Stupid asshole!  Just put the CEO of Microsoft on the phone! Paladin Butters, I was hoping I could talk to you about Lady McCormick. Yeah, whatever. The little prick thinks he's Daenerys Targaryen. I need to know how to deal with him.  How do they deal with the Queen of Dragons in ''Game of Thrones''? Well did you finish watching Season 3 like I asked you? So what happens when the dragons show up? Butter-Butters! The key to our victory is following the ''Game of Thrones'' model exactly. I have to know what happens when the dragons show up so I know how to deal with Kenny. Here's two bus tickets to New Mexico. I want you to take Sir Scott Malkinson and go seek out George R. R. Martin for answers. He's the guy who writes ''Game of Thrones'', Butters! He can let us both know how to handle Kenny, and if we should betray Clyde or not. Let's face it, Butters, this is really about you and me getting XBoxes. The rest are simply there to help us get through those doors.  Do you mind?! We're trying to talk here! Why don't you mind your own business?! Sir Kyle, I wanted to talk to you about Stan. It isn't that. Princess Kenny is loved by her army  grounded? That could be up to you. Fine, Sir Kyle. Perhaps you're right.  Did you know that Stan's dad is working a temp job as mall security? Seems a little convenient, doesn't it?  Stan with somebody on the inside to help him get his PS4s. Who's playing dirty now? Let's face it, Sir Kyle, this is really about you and me getting XBoxes. The rest are simply there to help us get through those doors. Dude, you'd better stop harassing me or I'm callin' the cops! Yeah! Well go ahead! Call the fuckin' cops then! Hi, is Kenny home? Forward, men!  I seek audience with the traitor, Lady McCormick? You can't win this, guys. Look around you. Lay down your weapons, and you can come back and fight for XBoxes with us on Black Friday. Kenny, we all understand wanting to play as the chick once in a while, 'kay? But you are never going to be a real princess! That doesn't even make sense. You're outnumbered ten to one, and there's no time left! How will you win?!  Mr. Gates, I was hoping I could talk to you about the fight on Friday. Uhh, it's my Lord Wizard King, actually. Having your leadership has certainly been a help.  There can only be one person of royalty; that's kind of the rules. Your CEOs? Uhhh, hmmm. What? Why don't you stay the fuck out of my business?! 