What's he look like? I'm stoked my cousin is comin' to live with us. It'll be just like having a brother.  Hey dude.  Oh, uh, wawawhat is this? Oh is, is this beef? Uha, wa, actually, I- I can't eat beef. I have a degenerative problem with my intestinal lining, and beef really gives me gaass. Oh no, I d- I don't want to be a bother, I uh- We-ull, some fish would be great if it isn't too much trouble. What's this comforter filled with? Um, it isn't filled with down, is it? Ih it sure is quiet up here in the mountains and it's dry, too. Do you have a humidi-humidifier? Uh, can you take my stupid glasses and put them on the night stand. Make sure they're close by, because that fish upset my stomach and I might need them if I have to go to he bathroom later on.  Hello, I'm Kyle's cousin Kyle. I can't believe how cold it is out here. It's a really dry cold; that's the problem. It- the cold air makes me wheeze.  Ot- Nice to meet you, Cartman. Yuh you know, I saw that same jacket you're wearing at Bosco's for $29.95. How much was yours? Um, I juh- I was just wondering if Bosco's is a ripoff?  Cartman?! Oh well, I I grew up in the shity, ah ah I really don't care for it. Ah I come from a Jewish family, which of course you already know, because Kyle's from the same family.  I like to read, and I have these polyps on the backs of my hands - I don't know what they are. ...Oh, and I hope one day to be an investment banker. Uh where should I sit? There's no place to sit down here. Eh, oh, alright.  Ah-ah-ah-are wooden desks all that available? I usually prefer the plastic ones because these give me splinters. Is it cold in here? I realize we're in the mountains, but do we have to freeze to death? Oh, bu- but isn't the cold air making the ball really hard? Ih-it's gonna hurt my hands. Alright then, hu-how do I catch it? Now what? But it's down in the snow. But I'll get snow on my gloves and then it will melt and I'll have wet hands. Alright, then.  Uh you did what?  You, you paid your friends tuh...  not make fun of me? Wow uh, you think it takes forty dollars to get people to like me. Because I m-I mean I really think you could have done it for about $12.50. Well, I mean, you didn't just start at 40, didja? You you gotta low-ball these things so you have a place to go. Boy it sure is dry out here.  I'm ba-ack! I don't know about this, guys. I think sleds are dangerous. It seems like I might get splinters, though. Hold on. I see.  Oh, Jeezus, this sled is going faaaast. I have to watch out for my glasses. Ow! Ow, it's so cold! Oh Jesus!  It's a least a couple of hours.  I'm ba-ack.  Ah- I was just sledding, and the next thing I knew my sled rope got tangled with a bus, uh. I gut dragged for over a hundred miles before the bus finally stopped for gas.  I'm sorry about your sled, Kyle. Oh, my ears feel like they're frozen off, and I think I have a hemorrhoid from sitting on the sled for so long. I don't know about this guys. I think playing hide and seek in the airport might be dangerous. Can't we just play hide and seek at home? Oh, Jesus!!  In there? But it's very confined. I'll get cramps in my legs. Uh, alright then.  Oh, Jesus, this bus is going fast!  Oh, I did it again!! I'm back. Yeah, it was the craziest thing. I hid myself on a plane to Antarctica. Oh, it was so dry down there.  Well, Kyle, I I gotta go. Yeah, I've gotta get back to Connecticut. Well, I- I invested in that IT thing, and there was a bailout, so I received a five million dollar bailout clause check, which, which I can use to help my family, so, I- I guess, goodbye, cousin.  Yeah, I don't know what to do with it, though. Well, see ya. Re- really? Listen, guys, I appreciate you wanting me around, but, the fact of the matter is, well, yeh, you guys are just kind of douche bags. I mean, yeyou people are all just such hick jock rednecks; it's just like you right out of a stereotyped catalog.  