 When I find out who did this!  Broflovski! Was it you? I just saw a copy of the school newspaper in which a student used the word "retarded" to refer to our cafeteria lunch policy! The word "retarded" does not belong in our school!! Who is in charge of the school paper?! 'Cause I'm about to break their fuckin' legs! Alright, uhh, I I guess we haven't formally met before. Uhh, the reason I need to talk with you, Jason, is because of a very important- Alright, Jim. Thank you. I want to talk to you today about the use of the R word in your school paper.  You see, the 'R' word is very bad. Says me. Right? Now I know a thing or two about the rights of people with disabilities. When you use the 'R' word to describe the school's lunch policy, it can hurt people's hearts.  Can you understand that at all? ...Okay, well, from now on I'm gonna need to approve the school paper before you hand it out, okay? What'd you say? Look, I don't wanna get angry, okay? No, I'm not. I am very not uncomfortable. Alright, look, unless I can approve your paper, it is not being distributed on campus, you got that? Not unless it is approved by me. Do you understand?  Who does this kid think he is?! Challenging me?! I said one micro-aggression to him, okay?! One little micro-aggression! But that doesn't mean I have an unconscious bias towards people with disabilities! But why would a person with a disability not see that what I'm trying to do is actually protect them? You're right. This kid just needs to be shown he's being an Uncle Abel. I can always count on my PC frat brothers to have my back. Let's go PC! Alright Jim, I know you've been trying to wrap your head around some of the social issues he discussed yesterday. I'm sure you're feeling confused and a little unsure of yourself. Okay, well, no, you are confused- Because you don't grasp the severity of this, and that's why I brought in another young person with disabilities to share his feelings. Thanks for comin' in to talk to us, Nathan. Me too, bro, me too. Nathan, could you tell Jimmy how you feel when people uwe the word "retarded"? You feel bad, right. You feel like that's a no-no word, right? Okay, wow, that's pretty heavy. Pretty heavy, huh Jim? I am not uncomfortable! I simply care about a horrible, outdated word that is exclusive, ignores individuality, and equates intellectual disa-bility with being...  And it's, and it's, s-spot, I need a spotter, spot me, somebody spot me bro!  McKinsey, you got consent forms? Rise and shine guys. If you scored last night, I'll need your consent forms.  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you-whoa! Barker, did you perform cunnilingus? There's a different release form, bro. Nice. What, bro? Yeah? Naturally.  What the fuck is this bro? That's not true!! That little fucker, dude!  All I know is that I don't speak up for minorities so that I can crush pussy. PC people are under attack. That's what this is. No, Topher! It's not about puss, alright?! The fuck is wrong with you?! We're being labeled as meatheads who just wanna crush puss by an intolerant newspaper! Yeah. And like, if you're gonna belittle and make fun of PC people like that, then who's to say he won't do it to other marginalized groups like us? I mean, this kid could be the next Hitler. And if you guys could stop Hitler, what would you do? Nooo! I came to this town really thinking I could make a difference. I've been called a bigot towards persons with disabilities. I've been called...  Jimmy Valmer is off the school newspaper. I want you to take over. And I will be reviewing your paper to make sure nobody is ever attacked the way I was again. Jimmy almost made me lose confidence, but I know who I am. I know what I am! Yeah? Dude!  What the fuck, bro? Bro! What the fuck, bro?!  What the hell is going on, bro?! Bro, what the hell is going on, bro? 