You're in big trouble, Stanley! Can you explain to us how you managed to spend $489 on a mobile app?!  You didn't realize! What are "Canadian coins"? Stan, just because I make a good living with my music doesn't mean you can go blow it all on Canadough! How?! Can you believe him?! He ''knew'' how much he was spending! He ''knew'' he'd get in trouble, but it didn't matter!  I hate to say it, but this is a lot like his grandpa.  Dad's always had a gambling problem. He's got total addiction tendencies. Could he have somehow... passed those demons down to Stan? I ''had'' a problem, but I was able to stop. Now I only drink gluten-free beer and wine. But with Stan, I think there's some darkness inside him that... doesn't... allow him to stop. Come on. This way, Stan. I want you to see this. There you go.  Come on Dad, we're going home. Do you know what you've done to your grandson? You've infected him with your bullshit! I just don't understand what is ''wrong'' with you two! What is the joy that this stuff possibly brings you?! It's not fun! You two have demons you're trying to compensate for! I'm not having a glass of wine, I'm having six!  All right. And if you two stop, then we won't have a problem anymore.  HM. Earthy, bold, hint of cherry aftertones. *uurp* What is wrong with you, Stan?! You said you stopped buying Canadough! $26,000??? Do you know how many songs I have to write to make back that much money?! Oh, it's just nothing' to you, isn't it?! You need to realize that you have something in your brain that you somehow inherited from your grandpa that makes you act this way, okay?! I am not chugging beer!  Oh pass interference! Interference!  Told ya. Kid's got demons. I don't do that.   What are you gaywads doin'? Well all right! Good for you guys. Tell you what, I'll join you. Board games go good with a glass of wine.  It's not drinking. It's called a White Zinfandel Sipping Sprint, and it's competitive. Get off your high fuckin' horse. You guys wanna put some money on it?  