You have summoned the Prince of Temptation! For what purpose?! Then allow me to explain the darkness of the human soul!  So you got dopamine, right? That's the chemical that gets released in your brain whenever you do something pleasurable, like eating, sex, and that's just nature, right? Like rabbits and fish and shit. They need dopamine so that they want to consume and reproduce. But because humans have progressed and now have access to all the shit they want whenever they want it, it's easy for them to overdo and have dopamine problems. You know, it's not fuckin' rocket science, this stuff. Fuck no! It's like, okay, it's like being diabetic. You know, it's like you can eat wrong and eat wrong and chemicals get released from your liver in a weird way, you know, you've been eatin' gluten and shit, and then eventually you've got a chemical imbalance from your liver. And something clicked, and now you're diabetic forever, right? So like, if you keep doing something too much, eventually there's, ummm, a dopamine fuckup, right, and you're kind of screwed up for life. Yeah, that's pretty much what it means. Well who's not filling a fuckin' hole? Right? You know, I mean what kind of bullshit is that? So, let's talk about genetics now. You still have time? Okay, let me get some visual aids. Gimme juuust a sec. So basically, the genes you got from your dad make you more likely to have trouble with, um, dopamine regulation, and that's why you need to kind of watch out for addictive stuff. Okay, so we kind of understand now, champ? You know, they all do it, and it's kind of my deal, I have to put temptation out there too, so people have free will and all that shit. But ,you know, everyone has their justification and thinks what they're doing is okay. What's this? What, you just collect coins? No, see, if something's addictive because it's fun, that's one thing. But this is just blatant Skinner box manipulation. Wait a minute. Who put this out? Oh that son of a bitch! He's always doing this shit! I tell him, "temptation has to be nuanced!" but he goes and does this crap again! I'm gonna need to borrow your soul real quick, kid. Is that alright? Beelzeboot! Once again you lack any sense of nuance! Return from whence you came!  Enough, Beelzeboot! Thy end has come.  