 "It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in a woman's separation  to increase the population of the younger generation." No no, no. Separation.  Ugh! Yeah. I'll see ya later, mom.  A- And as long as we get this Communion thing, we're safe? Yeah, what ''if'' we haven't? Jesus was made of crackers? So wwe won't go to hell as long as we eat crackers.   Nno! But now we can have Communion and not go to hell, right? Oh yeah, okay. Right, I already got that one. Dude, he's Jewish. He doesn't have to confess his sins. No, you're already going to hell. You are, too! Alright. That was mostly Kenny's fault. What'd we do to Timmy? Oh yeah, you're right. I guess Timmy's pretty screwed.  How was it? Huh? Who's in there? Well, here goes everything.   Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned. Well, let's see. I'd like to start, if I may, back when I was two and a half. It was a cold April morning, and the dew on the grass was frozen, like tiny beads of glass... And that was about everything from first grade. Then last year, well, you can't tell anybody about this stuff, right? Okay, because, last year, I took a sandwich that the priest of this church had been eating. No, but I'm not finished yet. I took the sandwich that the priest was eating, took the piece of ham out of it, put it between my butt cheeks, and then put the sandwich back and watched him eat it.  Yeah, and then this other time, I went pee-pee in the holy water thing, and the priest blessed himself on the forehead with it every day for about a week.  Oh! Somebody help! God damnit! Let me out of here!  Oho! Ohoho. I felt it, you guys. I felt the angry hands of God.  He is an angry God, you guys. We all have to start taking this very seriously.  Halleluyah! Wash away the sin-eh! Turn around so I can clean out your ass. What? Oh, now you've said it, too! Aw, dude, we've gotta go back to church and confess again. Ugh. Oh, I know.  And he never took Communion! Yeah.  Come on, hurry up!   What? No! It shouldn't be locked! We have to confess! We have to confess our sins before we die! I'm first, I'm first!   You're doing unnatural things in the house of God! Oh, this guy is so gonna burn! Well, it looks like we're gonna have to save Timmy, Kyle, and everyone else in this town from the angry hand of God ourselves! We have-uh repeatedly broken God's commandments-uh! We have lived our lives for ourselves-uh! Totally ignoring the Lord-uh!  It is much better for thee to enter into life maimed- There is only one answer! As kids we must abandon this town of sin and start anew! It will be a long road, but at the end of that road is Salvation! And ''I'' am going to lead you there! 