 Bo-ring.  Waiwaiwaiwaiwait. "It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in a woman's..." "It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in a woman's-" Mom, wuh we're staying for Sunday school. We have to go to Sunday school so we don't burn!   Are we gonna go to hell? What if we haven't really done anything that horribly bad in our lives. But crackers are his- body. Nonono, I get it. Jesus wanted us to eat him, but he didn't want us to be cannibals, so he turned himself into crackers, and then told people to eat him. No?? Confession?  Okay, let's see. Uuh, oh yeah, there was the time we threw a fish into the busdriver's hair and she didn't find it for seven days. And thennn there was the time we held that little first-grader down and farted on him for 28 minutes. We're trying to remember all our sins. Sister Anne told us we have to confess all our sins or else we're gonna go to hell. Have you confessed all ''your'' sins yet? Dude, this lady told us if you don't confess all your sins and you don't eat crackers and drink wine, then you go to hell. Period. Now, let's see. What about the time we set Mr. Garrison's cat on fire? What, Butters? Oh man, we can't let Timmy go to hell. We have to do something. I don't know. I don't know ''what'' we're gonna do. Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee. Blessed art though amongst wo- Uh- Aw, dude, you screwed me up! The guy in there said I have to say 54 Hail Marys. Now I can't remember if I was on number seven or eight. I don't know. You can't see him; it's just some anonymous guy. ...Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee. Ble- God damnit!  Sister Anne? We have a question. Where do handicapped people go when they die? But our friend Timmy can't really talk. All he can do is say his own name, so he can't really confess his sins. So is he goin' to go to hell? What happened?? I don't think so. Alrightalrightalright. You heard the priest: the first thing we have to do is get you guys all baptized. Come on.  Okay, you'd better baptize Kyle some more. Cartman! Dude, you just said "ass"! That's a sin! Oh, shit!  Oh! But what about them? Okay, come on.  Come on! This stupid light won't change. We're goin' to church. We've sinned and so we have to confess again. Uh, come on, let's go.   ...Oh my God, they've killed Kenny! He's doomed.  Oh no! It's locked!  You're a sinner! Dude, if this guy's goin' to hell, who's gonna save us?  