Good evening, sir. I'm calling together all the fighters of Zauron. I need to speak with Lady McCormick. Please tell her there is to be a meeting in the Great Hall. I have found a way to get XBox Ones, and the fair Lady McCormick will want to hear about it. Thank you all for coming. Prince Tolkien, Sir Timmy of Blacklake, Lady McCormick . Warriors, we have fought many great battles together. At Clyde's house. At Scott Malkinson's house. But soon we will be fighting the greatest battle of our young hot lives. Winter is coming, and the next gen gaming devices are hitting the shelves. What if I were to tell you that if we all worked together there's a way we ''can'' get the new gaming system. I have learned of a dark magic at work. The day after Thanksgiving, the first thirty people inside the mall get 80% off whatever they want. They are calling it... Black Friday. It ''is'' real, Craig! I saw it on the news, butthole! On our own, none. But if we plan, strategize, and fight together!  ...We can be the first people inside on Black Friday. And use the 80% to get the gaming system we need to survive.  Yes. Yes, very nice. Good.  They don't salute in Game of Thrones, Butters. Okay, we need to start immediately, please.  Ah, very good. The House of Greyhawk has agreed to join our fight! But my friends, we must still find others who will fight by our side! Are there no other factions we can call to our aid? Uhh noo! Screw those guys. They're dorks, and I'm not playing with them. Ah yes, Paladin Butters, are you enjoying it? What do you mean? Iiii believe you might be missing the greater point of the show, Paladin Butters. We have word from the kindergartners. They've agreed to join us!  That's what this is all about, Craig. We're all trying to get XBox Ones on Black Friday.  What? ...Nnnoo. Guys, when I said we're gonna get the next gen gaming systems, I was obviously talking about XBoxes. That's right. We are getting XBox Ones, guys! And that is final! Fine! If you guys don't wanna join us on Black Friday to get XBoxes, then that's fine!  Oh, it's gonna be like that, is it?!  Oh uh, hey guys, what's up?  God these guys are such dorks!  Uh yeah, big dong and prosper. Um, listen guys, uh, uh, you're XBox people, right?  Um, kewl. What if I were to tell you that we have a way for you to join us in getting XBox Ones super cheap. The Federation has agreed to fight with us!  You still think you can convince Stan to come back to our side, don't you, Sir Kyle? You can't change his mind, Sir Kyle. Sony people don't think with logic. He betrayed us. And now we must out-''Game of Thrones'' him by making powerful alliances.  Butters, you seem to be somewhat obsessed with wieners. What new Elmo doll? Lady McCormick, I was hoping I could talk to you about Kyle. I'm not sure if his heart is in the right place. If he were to ever...  it could make Stan's army problematic for us. True, but we can't let Kyle come in the way of what's rightfully ours.  Let's face it, Lady McCormick, this is really about you and me getting XBox Ones. The others are simply there to... help us get inside those doors. You have a strong influence over the rest of the men, Lady McCormick. All I'm saying is when the time comes, I might need you to... use that influence to have Kyle taken care of. Do we understand each other? Fuck you, dude! This is the Garden of Andros! Yes. Good, Federation kids. You're learning to fight with your hands! Keep pushing, kindergartners!  Sir Kyle, I know that Sony's offering a special Brack Friday Bunduru. You know the XBox is still better, right? Sir Kyle, pre-order doesn't mean shit, okay? When you pre-order a game, you're just committing to paying for something that some assholes in California haven't even finished working on yet. You know what you get for pre-ordering a game? A big dick in your mouth. 