Alright students, I know we're all dealing with the loss of a good friend. We have to accept the fact that Heidi won't be on social media anymore. I know we're all gonna miss her, m'kay. We're gonna miss, seeing what she's up to; miss seeing her silly pictures she'd post of her and her friends, m'kay. But this is what can happen when someone gets bullied online to the point they just can't go on anymore.  I know that some of you are feeling anger, m'kay.  Some of you are feeling a little guilt, asking how something like this can happen. But the best thing we can do for Heidi, is come together as friends, and as students, m'kay. So now, why don't we all get on Twitter, m'kay, and just tweet some of the, things we loved about Heidi, m'kay? M'kay. Oh, that's nice, that's nice, m'kay. Oh, that's a good one Sarah, uh-huh. That-that's a - that's a pretty poem. Nice Butters. Oh, Heidi would have loved this so much. This is so special, m'kay. Mueeh... Oh! Er, hi Scott.  Scott, come on, we've talked about this. You don't wanna quit Twitter. Who'd be happier? Well, what about your parents, huh? How'd you think they'd feel if you quit Twitter? Of course they'd notice. They'd be saad, m'kay, they'd be saad. You've got so much ahead of you Scott; so many posts and tweets still ahead of you. You haven't even started to see what social media has to offer you. You can't-you can't just end it all. Not now. There you go, m'kay? But now you come back here anytime you're having bad thoughts, m'kay? Okay, okay. Now, Scott-  O-kay... Ohh, Scott, uh, I-it's sort of after hours, m'kay? Hah, alright Scott. Come on inside. Huumm... Oh, Goddammit. You've got to be kidding me.  This is Counselor Mackey. What's going on Scott? Okay Scott, just try to calm down. You don't want to quit Twitter. That's not true, no one would be happier.  This fucking kid, oh my god...  Everybody thinks you're a great kid, Scott. Okay, umm, how 'bout this, just umm, promise me you won't quit Twitter tonight, and we can - we can talk all day tomorrow, okay? M'kay?  Oh, for fuck's sake...  Uh-huh, okay, go on with that.  Goddammit, just do it already... 