Conniving, snakes-in-the-grass. All of them. We have to tell someone the truth, Butters. It's all been leading up to this, we've just been too blind to see it before. Maybe just a moment alone, to talk? The end of our species. Listen, there isn't much time. This whole thing has to be stopped. We can't go to Mars. I've had visions of Mars for the past few months. I'm a visionary. That's why I came, why I brought her. But the visions weren't complete until recently. I know what happens on Mars. Everyone will be really nice. You'll think the rover cars and roller coasters are really cool. But then, you'll realize something--The other colonists all seem to be women. And then you'll start to wonder, "Where are all the other guys?" And soon, you'll realize there's areas you didn't understand the purpose for. And that's when you'll learn the truth... Men have been forced underground, deemed useless by women. They are mined for the only things women still need us for, our semen, and our jokes. And you'll be trapped down there forever, in the cum and joke mines of Mars. If there's even a little part of you that really doesn't believe that, then think about what else has to be going on. You have to help us stop this! Elon, I know you've dreamt of mankind getting to Mars, but its not going to be very kind to man. They're going to put us underground. What's the one thing women don't have? Semen and a sense of humor. They're pretty related. Oh, Elon. Oh, Christ, Elon. It's something they do to our brains. They attract us like flies to the spiderweb. And then they make you think they're really smart, really funny. But they're only really smart, Elon. They can live without us. We can't live without them. If even 1/16th of you believes that women might not be as funny as men, Elon-- Elon? What the hell am I going to do, Butters? Semen and a sense of humor. I can't live without Heidi. I know I'll be miserable. But I also can't live on the cum and joke mines of Mars. If I stay on Earth where the internet is, Heidi finds out I know women aren't actually funny. And if I go to Mars, I get milked like a goat.  Is that Kyle?  Kyle, do you mind? I'm having really big girl problems right now. Attention all SpaceX employees.  Please evacuate the building immediately.  We just received a bomb threat from NASA. This is not a drill.  The NASA terrorists are super-jelly of us. Please quietly and calmly find the nearest exit and get the fuck out as fast as you can.  Oh, hey, babe. Wh-What's up? Oh yeah, I was just...They told me on the stifernisy thing. It was spinning. Come on, we better get out.  Distant? Really? Oh my God. I-I'm sorry.  Uh-huh, uh-huh. Yeah, go on. Uh-huh. Yeah, cool. Heidi, I'll always do what's best both of us.  Now come on we got to get outside. Well, looks like you're gonna have to kind of start over, huh, Elon?. Maybe you should just go back to your little cars, huh? Yeah, well some people's dreams are other people's nightmares. It was a joke. 