Dude, look at that. Sprinkle Time Make Your Own Marshmallow Factory. I'm definitely asking for that for Christmas. We can't go to Canada, dumbass! It's Christmas! Well, I didn't wanna say anything, Kyle, but I think this is what your family gets for being Jewish at Christmas time. I'm just saying, maybe Jesus is having a little revenge, that's all. Kyle, I just want you to know, if it were any other time of the year, I still wouldn't help you.  HA! Yeah, right! Like our parents aren't gonna buy us presents for Christmas! What? No! No, this can't be happening!  You fucking asshole!! This is all your fault!! Everyone's gonna be charitable and give money to ''your'' family instead of buying Christmas presents!!  It wasn't enough for you people to kill Jesus, now you have to kill Christmas too, huh?!  This is it, Kyle. You and me. We're throwin' down. Right now. You really think if we go to Canada we might still get Christmas presents? Fine. But if it doesn't work, you and me are gonna have it out, Kyle. Once and for all. We have exactly fifty-two hours before Christmas.  That means we have to be back in twenty-''eight'' hours to still give our patents twenty-''four'' hours to buy us presents. Synchronize watches on my mark. Mark.  Oh no, no no nono, I am NOT flying in that thing! You guys go get Ike. Kenny and I will stay here and watch the fort. Of course I care about Christmas- oh, Christ on a stick!  Aw dude, it smells like Kung Pao chicken in here! Weak. Look out! Oh Jesus Christ. Which road?!  But if you don't mind, we're in a rush to see the new Prime Minister. Oh Jesus, eighteen hours. We're running out of time! How much further to Ottawa?! Christmas is only twelve hours away.  How could you be so stupid! Oh, God-damnit! Well I warned you Kyle! I told you if I missed Christmas we were gonna throw down!  We'd better, Kyle. Or you're dead.  And... I'm not going to get any Christmas presents.   I'm gonna kill you, Kyle. It's Christmas. We officially missed it. It's Christmas Day and ... I'm in Canada. Yeah! You got your brother back, but I didn't get any presents!  Well now you're gonna get it, motherfucker! That's right! You and me! Right now!  Mooooooom! Moooooooom! 