No Ike! Shh!  Ike's not my little brother anymore? Ike, you'll always be my little brother, okay? You'd better!  Dad, can't we talk to this new Canadian Prime Minister? If he knew the situation, he might be- Guys.  Guys, I need your help. It's been a week since Ike's been gone, and every day my parents seem worse. I have to try to go to Canada and speak with the new Canadian Prime Minister, but I can't do it alone. Please, you guys, you don't understand.  My family is devastated. My mom just walks around the house like a zombie, and my dad can't stop crying.  I found the number for a really cheap airline to Canada. If we go as soon as possible, then- What?  Is that true? I'm sorry you guys, but there is something we can do. We can go to Canada and see the Prime Minister like I said. If we can change ''his'' mind before Christmas, then your parents won't ''have'' to give my family money. It's worth a shot. Come on, you guys, we can do this.  We'll get back in time for a Christmas adventure. Uh, I must have the wrong number. We were trying to reach City Airlines. Uh, we need to go to Canada. As soon as possible. Four. How about fifty daura? Fifty-five daura. Okay. Sixty daura. Okay. Got it.  Why not? You're not gonna die, Kenny. Don't be stupid. All right! We're going to Canada! Hey, where the hell are you going??  I'm trying!  No. Hey! We're in Canada! Uh. My adopted brother got taken back here to Canada? So, we want to talk to the new Canadian Prime Minister about getting him back? Who's that? Look, we don't have a lot of time here, okay? Can you just tell us where the new Prime Minister is? So how do we get to Ottawa? Word! Who are you? That's okay, we'd rather just go by ourselves. French Canada? We don't have time for this. Hello? Okay, you can come with us. God-damnit, we need to get to the new Prime Minister! NOW! Can we just get going, please? There's no way we can go all the way back. We'll never make it now! Well come on!  Do you think we can still make it in time? We need to see the new Prime Minister. No. No!!  Please, sir. I traveled a long way to get here. He's the only person who can help me.    Sir, you recently passed a new law allowing parents who have given their children up for adoption to change their minds. My little brother was- Ike! Please, sir. I came because I don't think Ike belongs here. Family isn't about whose blood you have in you, family is about the people who cared about you and took care of you. We're not the same blood, but I love my little brother. We've taken care of him because he needed us to, and ''that'' makes us more family than anything.  But ''why'' are you making such strange laws??  And French people's wine? What the hell kind of Prime Minister are you, anyway?!  What the hell?? Well yeah, but ah-I got my brother back. Dude, come on. 