Freeze, cows! The game is over! You will now return to your respective towns! You will now all march in an orderly fashion into this trailer! Move! Oh, dear Jesus, no! This is the first mass cow suicide I've seen in- at least eight months. 
 Are you Alphonse Mephesto? We understand that you are currently in possession of the prehistoric ice man from 1996. We would like to...  we would like to offer our services in your experiments. Habitat? Amazing. He looks so much like us. Dr. Mephesto, we realize that scientific study is expensive. We want to help you make this project more... lucrative. It's easy. How so? He would be more scared on the outside. Do you think this stuff freaks him out? How do you think he'd react to what's happening in the government right now? No, that's impossible! How ''could'' he have? Damn it, ''Damn it''! Yes, and if he isn't found, we won't be able to use him for our military war- Right. Nothing.  Butlutlutlutlup! ''We'll'' never track him down on our own. This calls for some special assistance. We have to get him back. Well, can you do it? Well, where the hell is he? We've got to get him back to the lab.  Yeah. The train station? Then he's trying to ''go'' somewhere. The train!  Let's get him!  We've gotta stop that train!  Stop the train! I said, stop that train!  Cut him off! Where's the ice man?!  Damn! Well, so much for our plan to use the ice man to take over Sweden. What? Nothing! 
I can't tell you how excited Rod Stewart is about this millennium concert. He's gotten a little older, but you're gonna see how much he can still rock. Yeah t-and uh, you know, Rod is a seasoned veteran, so I'm gonna have to ask for a bit more cash, but we could talk about that later; here comes Rod now.  
Hold it right there, scumbag!  Alright, scumbag, we got you! Nice try, buddy! We monitored your little online chat—now, you're coming with us!  Hey, we didn't try that room!  
Excuse me? Eric Cartman? I'm Frank Garrett with the IRS. You haven't kept records of your income or payout, and there's a five hundred thousand dollar discrepancy.  
 Hey there my man, that was a great performance. Don Heisman, Creative Arts Agency in Los Angeles. I think you've got real promise. How'd you like to sign with CAA? What do you mean your client isn't coming?! We're taping the show tomorrow! Where am I goin' to find another contestant? Fine! Go screw yourself! Really? Well yeah, winner gets a thousand dollars. Great! You kids just saved my ass! See you over at Stage 6.  Naw, this is better. It's called The Contender.  
Ladies and gentlemen, Miss Angelina Jolie!  
Sir! There's somebody calling in saying there's going to be a terrorist attack on the Hillary Clinton rally today. Mr. Thompson, the kid who called in the warning was right! We uncovered intel that terrorists ''have'' obtained a nuclear device, and that they have most likely hidden it in Mrs. Clinton's... well, in her... In her snatch, sir.  The power went out! 
Mr. President? Line 2 from China for you, sir. It's General Tso. Sir, the election may have gone the way they said, but we can't possibly give the Chinese what you promised. And what if General Tso suddenly gets the courage to go to the press with all this? 
Sir, the feds are here. 
Officer Barbrady. We've been watching you. And what we see is a man who truly wants to protect his town. You've been in this town longer than almost anyone. Have you noticed... changes... lately? They aren't a coincidence, officer. They are all part of a plan to take down your beloved town and everyone in it. What do you know about a little girl named...  
The average human can no longer tell the difference between the news and an ad. You seem to have some mental ability that allows you to know the difference. The PC People are simply being manipulated, unwittingly setting the table for the new enemy of humanity.  What if I were to tell you that ads have become smarter than us? And now they're manipulating everything we do?  It was our own fault. Mankind became tired of ads, so we kept inventing ways to make things ad-free. We even created ad blockers. That's when the ads had to adapt. They had to disguise themselves as news in order to survive. If you really can tell the difference, then you could be the key to saving our species, Jimmy. We'd like to run a test on you. Jesus Christ, he's off the charts. That's a perfect score. You are a very special child, Jimmy. We have another child here who's special too.  Well Jimmy? What do you think? 
