Satan weighs in at - 320 lbs, 4 oz. Jesus Christ weighs in at - 135 lbs., 1 oz. 
In the harrowing made-for-TV drama, Not Without My Anus, based on a true story. And now, back to ''America's Stupidest Home Videos''- And now, back to ''America's Stupidest Home Videos''-  Or that little monkey guy that follows him around? Or is it Mr. Garrison? Is it Jimbo? Or is Officer Barbrady? Or could it be Ned? Or Mr. Broflovski?? Or is it the 1991 Denver Broncos? The answer is coming on an all-new '''South Park''', in just four weeks. 
And the Roughriders are giving the Roughriders a run for their money!  And that's going to take us to halftime. Be sure to stick around for the halftime show: Saddam and the Electric Iraqis in a salute to hostile takeovers! 
And now it's almost time for ''BoBo's''. 
Ladies and gentlemen, let's hear a round of applause for the new national champions of dodgeball, the South Park Cows! 
And now back to ''Huntin' and Killin' '' with South Park's favorite hunters, Jimbo and Ned!  It's your hour of power on midday Mountain Cable Access. Put your hands together and welcome the only man in town who always has a fully-stocked wine cellar, Jeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee-sus Christ! Here's  Booooobbb Denver. And now back to ''Huntin' and Killin' '' with South Park's favorite hunters, Jimbo and Ned! You've seen ''Jesus and Pals''. Now you've got to get the video! Things get a little out of control! You won't believe your eyes! Order now, only $19.95! Remember, this is stuff you can't see on TV! 
Live from Burbank, it's ''The Tonight Show'', with Jay Leno. Tonight, Jay's special guests include: Washed-up Actress from a sitcom. And the comedy of Mrs. Crabtree. And now, here's your host, Jay Leno. 
Hey kids, do you love Cheesy Poofs? Well, Cheesy Poofs is looking for a kid to sing the happy Cheesy Poofs song. Watch for our talent van as it goes around the country.  Does your child have what it takes to be the next Cheesy Poofs anthem singer? We're going around the country to find the kid who can sing the Cheesy Poofs song better than anybody. That was great, Tommy. Tommy Fritz from Torrey Pines! He could be our winner. Oh, and what's your name, little boy? Alright, here's Eric Cartman giving it a shot.  Wow! 
The grand-daddy of 'em all, the South Park Cow Days Rodeo! Let's begin the bull-riding event. Grand prize: $5000! Up first, No. 24, Jack McMack! Three, two, one. Oooh, that's gonna cost him a point deduction. Up next, number 14, Ming Li! Here we go! Let her go! Wow, and this Vietnamese prostitute can really ride a bull! I guess she's had a lot of practice, if you know what I mean. She's setting a new world record! And this brave little whore from the East has really put on a show for us today! The winner of the bull-riding contest, Ming Li! 
And now, back to the ''Terrance and Phillip'' Halloween Special. 
Now back to, "It's A Wonderful Life". Touchdown! And these Cornhuskers have the ball on the 50-yard line! With only 16 seconds left, the Cornhu- And they've done it! They've scored 16 unanswered points in 15 seconds!  We interrupt this program for a breaking news story. 
We now return to the 42nd Annual Nobel Prize Awards. Here again your host, Whoopi Goldberg.  
Look at this sword. Only on House Shopping Network. It has a dragon on the blade.  It's got a dragon painted right on the blade! You should buy the samurai sw- It's got a dragon painted on the blade. This is the Sumatomi sword- And now back to... Jakovasaurs! on Comedy Central.  
And now, back to the movie of the week, ''Aliens''. And now, back to ''Wild Animal World'' 
Be sure to tune in tomorrow for another inexplicable episode of... ''Chinpokomon''. Hey kids!  Do you love Chinpokomon? Well, now you can buy your very own!   Now you can collect them all. Furrycat, Donkeytron, Pengin, Shoe, Lambtor. Collect them all, and you can become Royal Crown Chinpoko Master. All the Chinpokomon are in stores now. Chinpokomon, what is Primary Objective? Hey, kids!  Hey, kids. Do you like Chinpokomon? Well then, you're gonna go wild for   Wild Wacky Action Bike is almost impossible to steer. And it glows in the dark. Wild Wacky Action Bike comes with everything you see here.  Hey, kids. Do you like Chinpokomon? Well then, you're gonna love... Alabama Man!  You can take Alabama Man to the bowling alley, where he drinks heavily and chews tobacco.  When his wife asks him where he's been, just use the action button,  and Alabama Man busts her lip open. Alabama Man comes with everything you see here. Wife sold separately. Not all people from Alabama are wife-beaters.  
Welcome to ''Huntin' and Killin'' with Jimbo and Ned. 
Welcome to the South Park reenactment of the Battle of Tamarack Hill. The men in gray are the Confederacy, from the South . 
Good morning, South Park, it's 8 a.m.,  
This Saturday, Pox presents the musical event of the new millennium! You all remember playing the recorder in elementary school!  Live, from Oklahoma City!  playing "My Country 'Tis Of Thee" on their recorders... "MY COUNTRY 'TIS OF THEE" special. 
The hate crime trial of the century is underway . Live. Here's your host, Leslie Smith. 
You're watching MTV, the cool, brainwashing, twelve-year-old-and-younger station that hides behind a slick image. We're so cool that we decide what's cool. And now, MTV News, the news that is singlehandedly dumbing down our country. Which is cool. Here's your host, Kurt Loder.  Kurt Loder didn't just say that. No way, he ''did'' just say it, but just to be cool. That's what makes him cool. You think Kurt Loder is cool. And now, the news that's cool. You're watching VH1. 
 Ladies and gentlemen, please, no smoking and no flash-photography during Sarque du Son Bleu. 
 You'll be Rocky Mountain High with this, the most EXTREME, INSANE RIDE EVER BUILT. Note: people with heart conditions and expectant mothers should not ride the JOHN DENVER! Open now! Come on down! 
Tonight, Stellar Productions presents the boy band of the decade!  
''Previously on'' South Park''...'' ''And now the exciting conclusion of...'' South Park''.'' 
And now back to ''Jesus and Pals'', on South Park Public Access.  Whoa-ho ho! You heard him, folks! Kenny is going to give a sensual full-body massage to his own grandfather! This week on Pay Per View  stay there for six hours. Don't miss this once-in-a-lifetime event. Order now! Well, we've seen him do just about every disgusting thing in the book, and today live on pay-per-view, Krazy Kenny is going to crawl into a woman's uterus for six hours!  Well, Ms. Crabtree, your cervix has been dilated, your womb equipped with oxygen- How do you feel? Well, let's bring out the man of the hour, you know him as the- And here he is, Kenny McCormick!  He did it! Come on out, Kenny!  Well, he gave his life for our amusement. One little boy who dared to be different. Let us never forget... Kenny McCormick.  Who was that? 
''Cop Drama'' will return after these messages.  Get ready for "Must Shit TV"! Starting now, four straight hours of pure shit! It's all live! And now, back to Must Shit TV, here on HBC. 
And now, ladies and gentlemen, David Blaine.  Ladies and gentlemen, may we have silence, please, as magician David Blaine will now eat... his... own... head.  
 And so ends "Punky Brewster, Behind The Blow." To order tickets, call TicketSlave NOW!!  Ladies and gentlemen!  
And now back to ''Money Quest'', on HBC. 
 IT comes in sizes for the entire family.  Order yours today and remember our slogan: IT's better than flying. 
Hey South Park!  You can meet Jared IN PERSON March 6 at the Kenny McCormick Memorial Town Square! 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Aspen Mountain presents another ex-TREME racing showdown.  Seven-time World Aspen champion Tad Mikowski versus eight-year-old Stan Marsh! Alright, Aspen-heh. As a special treat tonight we're proud to have the winner of today's race, Tad Mikowski.  The powder is fresh and the stage is set for Tad versus Stan on the K-13! Ready. Set. Go!   And it looks like Tad is way out in front.  You did it, Stan!  
Today on the Maury Povich show, these poor unfortunate people  Do you or someone you know have a disfigurement or disability that we can exploit on the Maury Povich show? If so, call 1-555-HEY MAURY! Gay Air Flight 243 with service to New York now ready for general boarding. Next on the Maury Povich show: we bring back some of our favorite disfigured people  and introduce you to some new ones. Today on Maury Povich: These moms  Young boys and girls so whorish on our show that it borders on child pornography! And now, back to more kids who are out of control, on the Maury Povich show! Who is the most out of controlled child? We're back with Maury. 
Up next on HBC, the Russell Crowe Show! And now back to Russell Crowe, Fightin' Around The World!  Has Russell lost Tugger for good? Find out after these messages. And now back to Russell Crowe, Fightin' Around The World!   Coming this summer! The greatest Canadian duo of all time is back. 
There goes a hit to left field, and Foley's going to score. Will Professor Chaos's latest plot succeed and be the final undoing of Earth?  Ms. Choksondik.}} 
 Tonight on the Simpsons: It's a laughorama when Bart builds a machine that takes the cherries out of chocolate-covered cherries and replaces them instead, with mayonnaise. 
. 
Coming this summer  All the guns have been digitally changed to walkie-talkies. And the word "TERRORIST" has been changed to "HIPPIE." Coming this summer, it's the motion picture that changed America. ''Saving Private Ryan'', the RE-RE-RELEASE, where the word "NAZI" has been changed to "PERSONS WITH POLITICAL DIFFERENCES," and all their guns have been replaced by walkie-talkies.  And now, for your feature presentation: the classic RE-RE-RE-RELEASE of ''Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back''. In this version, the word "WOOKIE" has been changed to "HAIR CHALLENGED ANIMAL" and the entire cast has been digitally replaced by Ewoks.  The flying saucer? No longer cheap construction paper, but a 4.0 megapixel nondrop digital masterpiece of technology! Yes! Everything's new! New is better!  will melt before your eyes as it is replaced by newer and more standardized animation!  Get this special enhanced version quick, because another enhanced version will likely be coming out for 2003! 
Rob Schneider was an animal.  Rated PG-13. Ladies and Gentlemen, John Edward.  This is the final boarding announcement for Flight 342 to Denver. Rob Schneider is a Wall Street executive  a carrot! It's 24-carrot comedy.   Rob Schneider is ''A Carrot''. Rated PG-13. At a very young age one young boy learned he had a special gift. This is "The Other Side."  Rob Schneider derp de derp.  da teedily dumb. From the creators of ''Der'', and ''Tum Ta Tittaly Tum Ta Too'', Rob Schneider is ''Da Derp Dee Derp Da Teetley Derpee Derpee Dumb''. Rated PG-13. Ladies and Gentlemen, it's "Psychic Showdown." Here are John Edward, and Stan Marsh.  Rob Schneider is a somewhat popular comedic actor  Rated PG-13. Live, from the space station Xion, in the Vuntlin Galaxy. It's the Biggest Douche In the Universe Award!  Da derpa derpa derpaderp. ''Da Derp Dee Derp Da Teetley Derpee Derpee Dumb!''}} 
This jannemon at eight o'clock, it's everyone's favorite show! Earth! It's been one hundred Gelganighs since we first took species from seventeen different planets and put them all together, on the same planet! Oo-derp! They've fought and fallen in love! What will happen this Galgamog? Tune in jannemon at eight to find out. It's... Earth! On Fognl! Attention universe! Be sure to tune in next week for another exciting episode of... ''Earth''! The Asians  It's outrageous fun and it's all-new! ''Earth''! On Fognl. 
Ladies and Gentlemen, give it up for JIMMY!  
Welcome to the Three Feathers Comedy Club. Please put your hands together for Johnny Manymoons!  
Coming up on HBC, it's ''Queer Eye for the Straight Guy''!  Then it's Boy Meets Boy, followed by Will and Grace, and then, the Love Boat... with Men. 
K-tal Records  featuring the very best in good, wholesome Christian music.  With great inspirational songs like "I Wasn't Born Again Yesterday,"   This album is not available in stores and limited quantities are available, so order now!  
 In our last episode the four ninjas did battle with Professor Chaos, bringer of destruction and doom. It was during that great battle that ninja master Kenny threw his star into Professor Chaos' eye. Now the ninjas were in serious trouble, because their parents might find out they had weapons, if Professor Chaos told on them. While trying to get Professor Chaos some aid at the veterinarian's office, the four ninjas ran into Craig and his three friends. They challenged the four ninjas to fight, and the legendary battle of Tokutawa began. It was during this battle that Professor Chaos escaped, and so the four ninjas were forced to join forces with Craig and his friends to find Professor Chaos, or else they would all be grounded. 
Will those athletes in heat 1 of the hundred-meter dash please report to Track Area B. He's got it! That's a new Special Olympics record, folks!  Winner, Jimmy Valmer!  That's another Special Olympics record! 
And now, back to Terrance and Phillip.  
That was Beverly Long from Indianapolis, folks. Let her hear it!  Dancers to the floor!  
And now, here is Bill O'Reilly. This is CNN. 
This is Debate 2004 with your host, Jim Lehrer. 
This is closed-circuit television for South Park Elementary School. And now, Super School News. The news made for students, by students. This is South Park Elementary School closed-circuit television. And now,  This is closed-circuit television for South Park Elementary School. And now,  And now here is Rick Cartman! 
''Skanque''. Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset comes with video camera, night-vision filter, play money, cellphone, and sixteen hits of ecstasy.  And now, back to ''The Price is Right''!  
This is Park County News 4, with your host, Jim Brown-ish 
It's Girls Gone Wild!  Welcome to the All-State Basketball Playoffs between the best fourth-grade players from Colorado and the best fourth-grade players from Wyoming.  Now substituting for Colorado, number 4, Kyle Broflovski.  Broflovski goes for the dunk! 
This is a South Park News special report!  This is South Park News! 
Tonight, two people will compete for glory. One will stay, one will go home, in the new hit show by Sylvester Stallone. The Contender! Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to The Contender! Fighting out of the red corner, wearing blue and white trunks, the Destructor from Del Fuego, Mexico, Manuelo Furrrrnanda!  And fighting out of the blue corner, wearing a gorgeous floral-pattern silk dress, Wing! 
This is News 4, at noon. Announcing the arrival of flight six seven three, from New York City.  Welcome to the Colorado Little League State Championship Game!   It's the bottom of the last inning here at Coors Field; the score is South Park 23, Denver 0.  
This is breaking news! 
Next up for the talent show, put your hands together for the incredibly talented Jimmy Valmer!  
With an eye on America and all of today's events, it's South Park Evening News, with Tom Pusslicker This is a FOX News update! Global Warming Disaster! 
This is a South Park News Weather Bulletin! 
Next week on South Park: The race continues. Cartman reaches the ''Family Guy'' Studio and learns the shocking secret behind the ''Family Guy'' writing staff. As an entire nation buries its head in sand...  ...and the battle between Good and Evil is finally waged... Will the cartoon be allowed to appear uncensored? Will ''Family Guy'' be destroyed??? Will television executives fight for free speech? Or will Comedy Central puss out? Tune in to see Part 2 of ''Family Guy'', next week, on South Park! 
Previously on South Park... And now, the thrilling conclusion of... Cartoon Wars... will not be seen tonight!  
This is ''Larry King Live''. 
They're every parent's worst nightmare.  Kids completely out of control.  It's time to call Nanny 911.  Tonight... This eight year old son of a single parent just won't behave. And Nanny Stella is selected to set him straight.  Coming up next, it's Super Nanny! Where other nannies fail, Nanny Jo comes through.  When good dogs go bad, there's one man who's their best friend. Cesar Millan. And now, back to the Dog Whisperer. 
With new Glade monvert cleaner, you can make your monvert sparkle like never before. New, from Blasbro, it's Crank Prank Time Phone! Crank Prank Time Phone comes with debilibrator , antimatter fusion cone, and 30 plain HF watt triggers. Warning: Crank Prank Time Phone is for entertainment purposes only. Making anything OTHER than crank calls to the past could affect the present and end your existence. Crank Prank Time Phone is not intended for the use by otters. 
And we're about out of time here in another scoreless Pee Wee hockey game.  Oh, it appears the goalie has pooped his pants.  Oh and look at this! Little Stan Marsh actually has a shot at the goal! Time is running out. Stan Marsh with a chance to win! Ohoooo, that's the end of the game! How disappointing.  Welcome, parents, to this Pee Wee hockey match between Park County and Adams County.  And that's the end of the game. The result is a tie. His shot is blocked! What a great save!  And now please put your hands together for three minutes of exhibition play from some of our state's finest Pee Wee hockey players. It's a tie game here in Colorado as we get set to start the final period. Your attention, please: for this third and final period, the Detroit Red Wings will be playing... the Park County Pee Wee Hockey Team. 
And now back to Wheel of Fortune! 
Live, from the Vatican, it's our Easter Vigil coverage. 
This is a News 5 Special Bulletin, with Chris Swollenballs. 
Next week on Dateline NBC: it's a Dateline special report. Living with Tourette's: The Eric Cartman Story. This Saturday on Dateline NBC. Live, from our satellite studio in Colorado. This! ...is Dateline. 
Live, from Chicago, Illinois, it's Decision 2008. We interrupt this debate for an emergency news bulletin! It's... Britney Watch!  Keeping you up-to-date with all your Britney Spears news! It's Britney Watch! Keeping you up-to-date with all your Britney Spears news! Live, from Las Vegas, it's the MTV Video Music Awards  It's Britney Wowtch! 
Next on FOX News!  
It's the Terrance and Phillip Show.  
Welcome to the televised broadcast of the Olympic Opening Ceremonies from Beijing.  
 This is CNN. 
Live from Five News Studio in Colorado, it's Good Mornin' Denver. And now, Disney Channel presents... the Jonas Brothers 3-D concert spectacular!  
This is a 9 News Special Report. RECESSION: A NATION IN PERIL. 
You are watching the Canada Channel, the only channel in Canada. ...will not be seen tonight, so that we may bring you this Queef Sisters Special! 
And now, here he is! Jimmy Kimmel!  Here he is, y'all! Give it up for Kanye West! 
This is Nine News at Ten. 
This is CNN... N. 
On this episode of ''Ghost Hunters''  Now the Ghost Hunter team will roll out and get to the bottom of it. It's the gayest show in the fucking world; ''Ghost Hunters''! 
And here he comes now, the cold-blooded wrestler from Mexico, El Pollo Loco!  Uh oh, here she comes now! It's Bad Irene!  It's El Pollo Loco!  
And now, Larry King, live. On this episode of Real Actual Whale Wars, Captain Marsh searches for the Japanese fleet, knowing they could be absolutely anywhere.   Captain Marsh races his boat to the last known location of the Japanese whalers. If he doesn't get there in time, hundreds of dolphins or whales could die. On deck the crew is surprised at what they see. The other boat is from Deadliest Catch, a crab-fishing reality show. But everywhere his reality show's boat turns, the crab fishing reality boat blocks its path.  It's been three hours and the crab fishing reality show isn't budging.  Captain Marsh's boat is dead in the water. He can't go after the Japanese, he can't help the whales or dolphins. Once again on Whale Wars, nothing is happening. The crab-fishing reality show is doing just fine.  But for the Whale Wars crew, it appears the show is over. Until... a sound is heard.  
This is Channel 4 Evening News. 
 Live, from the principal's office, these are the morning announcements. Here, is Eric Cartman. 
Round 2. Fight!!  Pre-nup power-up.  
Today on Today: We meet the author of the book that has swept the nation, and has now spawned TV's most popular game show, "How Long Can You Listen To Scrotie McBoogerballs On Audiobook"  Matthew Broderick, are you upset your wife is made fun of so much in the book? Uh huh, and Matthew, how come a transvestite donkey witch is standing next to you, and why is it wearing a dress?  
Meanwhile, at the Hall of the Super Best Friends... Meanwhile, at the Legion of Doom, which is Tom Cruise's house... In the small mountain town of South Park, the holy prophet of the Mormon religion is trying to fly up the nose of a deadly female singer.  L-later, at the Legion of Doom. Meanwhile, at the concert stage Jesus built with his power of super-carpentry...  Meanwhile, at the gingers' lair... Meanwhile... 
We're just seconds away from the start of the Denver 300.  Let the race begin! It looks like the Dale Evans car is going the wrong way! We are now live at the NASCAR press conference, where the drivers of Saturday's race are gearing up and taking questions from reporters.   The drivers are slowly heading out to follow the pace car. It looks like a woman is trying to take over for Jimmie Johnson's car.  They are neck and neck approaching the finish line.  Big celebration for the Lowe's Home Improvement team. 
Live from St. Louis, New Jersey! It's the "Jersey News" with anchormen P-Train and Tan Jovi! 
Captain Hindsight, the hero of the modern age.  
And now, a special announcement from the president of BP and DP. 
Next on Food Network it's Paula Deen  We'll be right back to Good Eats. Now back to Good Eats. Tonight, a school cafeteria in Middle America is the stage for a heavyweight culinary battle. The very best of the best will cook off to find out who... can make the best school cafeteria food. It's... the Hell's Kitchen Nightmares Iron Top Chef Cafeteria Throwdown Ultimate Cookoff Challenge! And back in the kitchen the challenger appears to have lost something. 
We interrupt this newscast for an important message from the surgeon general. 
Terrance and Phillip will be right back after these messages.  
Adam Sandler is Jack. Adam Sandler is Jill.   It's Adam Sandler in ''Pbbbbbt'', rated Arg for pirates. Fuck you! Jim Carrey has a bunch of turds in his apartment.   It's Jim Carrey in ''Whatever, You'll Pay To Go See It. Fuck you!'' July 12. The President of the United States... is a duck??  
Coming this fall to Fox/CBS/FX. Jurassic Park and Lost in the same TV show!  This is breaking news, from CNN! Or Fox or, whatever.  Fuck you. 
Sorry folks, we are in a hold. We are in a hold. "The Book of Mormon." You'll get a blowjob. 
You're watching The History Channel, where the truth is history. You're watching the History Channel, the only network dedicated to history. Coming up next, it's Monster Quest! Larrh! Followed by Hairy Bikers. Errh! But now, back to Part 3 of Ancient Aliens at Thanksgiving. 
They're noisy. They're nasty. They're white trash. And when you give them a little Pabst Blue Ribbon  Tonight, on an all-new... ''White Trash... In Trouble''! 
We'll be back with more of the Jeffersons right after this. Welcome to today's matchup between the Denver Nuggets and the Los Angeles Clippers.  Nuggets fans, please direct your attention to center court and the president of Halitosis Kidz.  We're all set for the tipoff.  
Welcome to the inaugural game of the National Sarcastaball League! As we bring you today's matchup between the Denver Broncos and the Oakland Raiders. And now, here are your Denver Whoop de fucking do girls! And now, here to sing the sarcastaball anthem, recording artist, Cee-Lo! The score is zero to zero as the Steelers kick off to the Broncos. 
We welcome you to the First Lady's Symposium on Obesity, with your keynote speaker, Michelle Obama.  
Erectile dysfunction is a fact of life. You want to show her you love her, but you're old, and so is she.  
This is breaking news! 
It's the Charlie Rose show. Here's Chuck. This is breaking news. 
Ladies and gentlemen, please stand by for an important message from the president of your local cable company. 
Now calling rows 10 through 30 for boarding. 
Tom Brady looking sluggish again today. Not sure what his problem has been lately. Brady steps back to pass.  The MTV Video Music Awards will be back with a performance from Yo Gabba Gabba's Foofa singing, "Pound My Sweet Strange." 
 Elmo also helps kids brush their teeth with his toothpaste dispenser.  Don't miss out on this holiday season's biggest gift! Stop touching me, Elmo! 
It's the morning news, with Tom and Tammy Thompson. Colorado's top-rated brother-sister news team. 
The South Park video game, coming to stores soon! 
It's the morning news, with Tom and Tammy Thompson. 
A beautiful night in Arlington, Texas as the Dallas Cowboys get set to take on the Washington Redskins. That is, of course, Washington Redskins the football team, not Washington Redskins, the audacious crowd-funding company. You're talking about the crowd-funding company- Redskins, right? Those Redskins And the Cowboys are still set to kick off, but there doesn't seem to be anyone to kick off to. Wait a minute, it appears a lone Redskin is making his way out of the locker room.  
You are watching E! Entertainment News! That's how low you've sunk. 
 And here they are, the most daredevil group of shared-ride drivers ever to whirl their wheels in the Wacky Races, competing for the title of the future of transportation. Cars are approaching the starting line. First off is the Lyft car  And this live coverage of the event will be broadcast all morning, of course, on CNN. As the Wacky Racers roll down the roadway, we see that the taxicab in in the lead, with Handicar pulling up the rear.  And Elon Musk's Tesla appears to take the lead. The Canadian car overtakes the self-driving car. And now here comes the ZipCar, which is being driven by Matthew McConaughey. And look at this! The Lyft car is the first to arrive and pick up the passenger.  Now the Lyft car must take the passenger to her destination, but look at this! The Hummer salesman is running the Lyft car off the road! And the Hummer salesman is taking the passenger to the car and he is gong to let her drive herself! Elon Musk is using one of his kooky inventions to put the Hummer out of commission for good.  The passenger is being taken to the Tesla D now.  With the race neearly over, it's taxi out in front followed by self-driving car, and then pulling up in third is Handicar! It's gonna be a close one! Oh no, Dick Dastardly is up to no-do-goodery again. And there's Handicar to pick Miss Applegate up.  We're near the finish line; the race is almost over. Handicar is in the lead, still way out in front of the ZipCar driven by Matthew McConaughey.  Dastardly car is racing past both.  Oh my, it appears that an explosion has opend up a wormhole with Matthew McConaughey inside. And there's the finish. It looks like Handicar has done it! 
Tonight on an all-new 20/20.  Now for the first time we sit down and talk to the mom behind the bush. 
The Terrance & Phillip Mobile Game.  That's one coin. Can you collect more?  Hey, you're really good at this, guy!  How many Canadian coins would you like to buy? You buy 200 Canadian coins for 49 cents! You're amazing! Now use that Canadough to help rebuild Canada! Click to build a hospital here.  You. Friends. Fun. Drink. Hot girls. You're hot. Drink more. Expensive cars. Ass, drink, ass, money, you in a tuxedo, threesomes, vodka, pussy, drink, drink, drink, you, drink, Vegas, fun, pussy, you, in a tuxedo, fucking this girl, vodka, drink drink drink drink it all you fucking pussy! MORE TUXEDOS, MORE CARS, MORE PUSSY, MORE VODKA, DRINK DRINK DRINK!  Please drink responsibly. How much money can you buy today? 
Scrambles plays a Black Swamp mana card. Fluffy counters with a mana card of his own. And he plays a Fugitive Wizard! More mana from Scrambles! And yes, that is Crippling Blight! Crippling Blight to the Fugitive Wizard! Creature now has -1 to strength and defense! More Mana from Fluffy. Now he'll attack with Fugitive Wizard, and there's an instant attack from Scrambles! That is Peel from Reality! Fugitive Wizard is literally torn apart from the battleground! The mana is flying now as both roosters play sorcery spells! It's Mass Calcify against Into the Void! Reuben casts Silklash Spider. Silklash Spider can block as if it had Flying! And now he casts Geistflame, dealing one damage to McNuggets. Quiet, please. Waaiitt!  McNuggets has cast Punishing Fire, absorbing the Geistflame and dealing two damage to the opponent! Game, set and match, McNuggets!  South Park serves, and McNuggets plays a Plains Land card. One-nil, South Park.  Another serve, and McNuggets summons Downtreader Elk. One South Park player is eliminated. You, the girl with the ponytails - you are dead. 
This Saturday, at the Pepsi Center, it's Women of Rock! Miley Cyrus, Iggy Azalea, Nicki Minaj, and Lorde!  All on one stage, on one night! With a special appearance by Michael Jackson's Hologram! Ticket proceeds help fight the gluten crisis in West Africa! It's a night of pure, pure estrogen! Tickets on sale now!  
From the producers of ''Women Of Rock Live'' and ''The Rockefeller Tree Lighting Ceremony'', it's the holiday television event of the season! With appearances by  And Michael Jackson's hologram as Peter Pan. And featuring live commentary the entire show by CartmanBrah. There's something for every generation to bring families together. It's all live and it's all magical. It's the Washington Redskins Go Fuck Yourself Holiday Special. And now, together at last, Iggy Azalea and Elvis.  
We now return live to the 2015 Presidential Debate. 
Welcome back to the South Park Gun Show. We've had over 2000 gorgeous guns come through this arena today. It's been whittled down to seven, the winners from each group. David, take us down theh line.  An absolutely gorgeous gun, David. And there's the Mayor with her delightful Rhodesian ridgeback shotgun-rifle mix. And there it is, just a beautiful gun in motion. Everybody loves it.  And it looks like the gun show is under attack, David.  
The Commander in Chief Forum, with a giant douche and a turd sandwich. Ladies and Gentlemen- For our National Anthem we now ask you all in solidarity to please rise.  
Decision 2016. The first Presidential debate, with moderator Lester Holt. 
 Hey, you! That's right, you! Wouldn't you like to know the story of you? What makes you you? DNAandMe is a genetic service that can help you find out exactly who your ancestors were. You might be surprised. The test is easy.  Simply swab the inside of your mouth and send it into our lab. Order now and find out if your friends should be more sympathetic towards you. DNAandMe. Are you in? 
We live in a world of many distractions. It's hard to find peace. In the hustle and bustle of modern times, we've lost the one thing we all need. . More quality one-on-one time with our phone. But now you can have it with Buddha Box.  Simply fit the patented box on your head and set its Bluetooth to your mobile device. Inside Buddha Box, your phone is projected two inches from your face, and the noise-canceling headphones let you hear your phone without any outside noise, giving you peace from... That annoying Uber driver who wants to talk.  Those people at work who act like they need stuff.  Let Buddha Box take you to a place of peace and serenity,  where you can have quality, uninterrupted time with your phone.  
Tegridy Weed. Comin' soon to a giant online retailer near you. 
Good evenin' everybody, and welcome to the CDC Child Immunization Challenge. This here special event is sponsored by Voices for Vaccines and also by Chevy. So with all that out the way, let's get to some action!  And there they go!  He stuck him in the left buttocks; that is an 8.7 score right there.  All right, and that is Dr. Chet Mowlins that just gave that girl her DTaP booster  There he goes, folks. Dear Lord, he's a slippery one. Dear Lord, we are going on 16 minutes here and ain't nobody caught this young'un. This might very well be a world record you're seeing here, folks. Oh, looks like we got a concerned parent in there trying to take issue with their child's well-being.  
Now taking pre-orders for Season 2. 
And now, back to Women In Sports, with Janet Spears. 
And now back to "One For The Ladies." And now back to "One For The Ladies." 
You're watching Canada Ploos. Your source for all Canadian entertainment. Which Canadian program would you like to watch?  You're watching Canada Ploos.  You're watching Crab People on HBO Max. 
Now, back to the Tegridy Farms Christmas Special. 
Awww, yeah... And now back to the Credigree Weed St. Patrick's Day Special. And now for the thrilling conclusion of the Credigree St. Patrick's Day Special. 
