Hi, Jesus. Great to be here. Yup. Just got in. Nn-nothing. Nothing really at all. 
Any particular prize you're hoping for? Polynesian diggities. I wish you luck. Here we go. What is the thin flap of skin that runs from the base of the penis to the scrotum? I'm sorry, but YOU'RE ABSOLUTELY RIGHT! Fred tell 'em what they've won. Well, Tom, Mary, you must be very excited. That's all for now. See you tomorrow on... 
Well, because we have more ''money'', son. ...W-well, because we went to graduate school and therefore have more lucrative jobs than most people in town. For instance, your mother is a chemist for a pharmaceutical company, whereas your friend Eric Cartman's mother is a crack whore. One pays more than the other. ...Oh.  Son, you, you don't know what you're saying. You... sure you want to do this, son? Where's the... valet? Ah, here we go.  They've activated some kind of alien blinding device.  Oh.  Next to the-?! S-son, can you just hurry it up? I don't think we quite fit n here. 
We're with the Make-A-Wish Foundation.  What's your wish, pal? I know! I bet you wanna meet Madonna, huh? Wu- what was that? Uh no not quite yet. 
Huh? 
Of course. You can't be staying in a home with that much fire damage. Dead-bolted. Tolkien!  
 Shhh! 
I'm Robert White, Jason's father, and I can tell you that as a White, Jason lived a challenged life. When I look out on this congregation, I can't help but think, "There's not a whole lot of people here." Doesn't seem like a big deal. Nobody's outraged. 'Cause it was our family. Nobody cares when a White gets killed by the police. There should be protests and marches, but NO. The police killed a White! That's not protest-worthy! Everybody's busy trying to lock up Randy Marsh! Now my wife and I have a dead child and we can't even get any weed to make us feel better! Yeah, don't listen to me. I'm just a White.  Oh, isn't this lovely?  Our son was killed by the police. Would have been nice if somebody had brought us some lasagna. You know, if I'm not mistaken, it almost seems like you people are happy that Tegridy Farms is being indicted. It's almost like you're reveling in it. My wife and I were both Tegridy Plus members! We always believed in Randy Marsh. We believed... in Tegridy. And now there's less Whites. Now there's less Whites.  Yes? Oh, honey. Look at the Peruvian hairless. Hey, what's this little guy? Hello, little fellow. How would you like to be a White?  Yes, it's good us Whites have each other, Alejandro, because... I need to tell you something. You see, now that you're a White, life isn't gonna be so easy. You're gonna find that a lot of people in this world just don't care about the Whites. That's my little White.  Oh, turn it up, honey. Uh, he's absolutely right. Starting tomorrow, the Whites are gonna start actively trying to stop all this trial nonsense. Hey!  Why, he's trying to call Mexico! Alejandro, the Whites do not use mobile devices after 7 pm. The Whites don't call long distance!  Well good job, Alejandro! Now you've upset your mother! Help support Tegridy Farms and Randy Marsh! Randy Marsh has done nothing wrong! Stop the ridiculous persecution!  Good one, honey. Alejandro! There's few enough of us as it is! We're not gonna stop this trial unless all the Whites chip in!  Oh, I know. It just...  he just doesn't seem happy. Maybe if we got him a little thing to take care of and feed he'd understand how much responsibility it is. See one you like, Alejandro? Now that you're a White, you can pick anyone you want. Do you like him, Alejandro? Alright, Alejandro, but you have to take care of him and clean up after him. Yeah.  Now there will be more Whites to stop those needless hearings. Nothing in these hearings will change the Whites' minds one bit! What? Alejandro, what have we told you?! All Whites wear sunscreen! Put it on right now!  ¡BIEN, GRACIAS! ¡¿Y TÚ?!  Alejandro! Get down from there this minute! 
Uh we c-, we don't know. Maybe we can just go around to the other side. Come on!  Alright listen. Somebody obviously took everyone else's snow and it's not cool! Come on. it's Christmas! 
Go get that will you, Crystal?  Who is it, sweetheart?  What's this all about? Did we do something wrong? But we were just trying to be like you! But we have to tell children the truth! They have to know! About-- about the whole thing! About the vaccinations! That the pandemic was blown out of proportion! Good, sweetie!  Don't you understand everything is being manipulated! Yes. They don't want people to like you. They need people to hate you! They're the elites. They do whatever they want and they feed on the pain and torture of children! And if anybody starts to care, they'll just cut us off when we tell the truth! And the truth is that --   Come on! I can show you my Q headquarters! Vaccinations are nothing more than a way for the elite and powerful to control us.  We've been trying to warn everyone, and then Q released a new post saying the most important day woud be March 4th. At first it didn't make sense. Nothing's happening on March 4th! Until I saw a Super Bowl ad for a new streaming service which launched on March 4th! Streaming is also the term used for nano-technology microchips invented by Bill Gates that are being put into a liquid and then shot into people's arms as a vaccine! The Hollywood elites!  All of them, rich, powerful people who got to where they were by drinking adrenochrome from tortured children! Anyone who gets vaccinated is going to be tracked and manipulated for the rest of their lives. Yes! I'll let all the other 'anons know!  Let's do this! It's the Hollywood elites! They're on to us! Come on!   Don't want the truth coming out, huh? Damn you! We'll get to the school! You can't stop us!  Don't give in to them! They're trying to make a joke of everything! That's what they do! You still don't get it, do you?! They don't just drink adrenochrome, they run the show! The whole damn show!  Oh, you don't like that, do you!? Don't want the world to know that! What?! What are you saying?! No, stop! They're monsters! You son of a bitch! Aah!  
