Tada!  
Alright, I'm on it! Don't worry, I'll be there as fast as I can! Number 3 value meal, no pickle.  Well I'm only 15 minutes late. Oh, you want quantity over quality?! Streaming services are destroying our town! People don't watch and bond over the same shows anymore! Everyone watches somethin' different! 'Cause you got assholes in Hollywood making little niche programs for everybody! That's what you want?! Look at that. Look. Two hundred and forty channels of anything we wanna watch. No accounts! No fucking passwords! Just pure, simple, basic cable. Not now, Scott. Your mom and I are enjoying watching whatever we want  and not signing up for anything. Oh, not this shit again! The answer is no!  Streaming services are destroying our culture, Scott! People got a thousand shows at their fingertips 24/7, so Hollywood has to make shows within their shows to make more shows!   Yeah, it's me. It's time we took down all these streaming services down. Tell all the guys we're meeting ASAP, in a window between 10 am and 2 pm Thursday. Goddamnit, where are they?! We're gonna run out of time!  Where the hell have you guys been?! "Between 10 and 2 doesn't mean you wait until 1-fucking-50!" What's wrong is that we;'re losin' our asses to these sons of bitches! I don't know about you buys, but I haven't worked a full day in weeks!  These streaming services all still need the Internet to stream, right? And who laid all that cable those companies are streamin' on?! That's right. We fucking did. We're cable repairmen! We control what goes into people's houses! Us! It's time that we work together and show people how much they still need us! Bill and Dave, you get supplies from the electronics store! Kurt, you help Michael with the hardware we're gonna need! Let's meet at the breaker between 4 and 7 pm! Alright, let's do this!  Dave? Dave, you got everything from the electronics store? Well what the fuck are you doing?! God-fucking-damnit, can we get the show on the road here, guys?! Kurt, you got the cable splitters? Goddamnit, get the cable splitters! Alright, I got the static coupler conected to the RF switch. You got the BT router undone, dave? Okay. Let's throw the pulse cable!  Yeah, I think that's good.  Alright guys, let's be the heroes this town needs! Okay, we're here! Let's geh-aaah, shit!  
For the last time, Ellen, I don't want our son going to that public school! Mr. Garrison is a terrible teacher, he has no grip on the classroom and he's the worst president we've ever had! So we can get him a private tutor! It's that son of a bitch Mr.Garrison. He's gonna completely screw up our kids. Alright, Scott. Your new tutor is here.  You better pay attention and listen to everything he has to teach you! 
