My fellow heroes, tonight I stopped three murders from happening.  Yes, Toolshed.  ...What? I told you, TupperWear, Extreme Avenger League doesn't work. It's confusing! The Coon is a brand people already know. Nobody's fucking heard of you, Mosquito!  Mysterion, you and the Human Kite get on the computer and dig up what you can. TupperWear and Mosquito, scan the news. Toolshed, you run a perimeter check with Iron Maiden. Let's work, people!  Mint-Berry Crunch, ummm, I'm just wondering if... maybe you need to add something else to the Mint-Berry Crunch part of your costume.  Uh oh!  What's the alert, Mosquito? What? A fire? Coon volume up!  My God, this is what we've been waiting for! Coon and Friends, let's head out! Yeah, uhh, Mint-Berry Crunch, why don't you stay here and mind the place, okay? Kewl.  We've got to get downtown fast, Coon Friends!  Mom, you've gotta drive us downtown! Mom, you're the Coon's faithful butler! I wanna go downtown now! Into the Coon Mobile, everyone! Let's just hope we get there in time!  Mom, don't talk to us like that! We're fucking superheroes!  Come on, Coon Friends! All right, what seems to be the problem? Whatever's happening, you need help from the Coon! Please sir, you must let us- Shut! Up! Mom! God! Alright, Toolshed is here. We can start. The Coon must be able to signal his friends when a huge catastrophe breaks out. What's the huge-? Did you guys not see that Captain Hindsight guy?! So there's a big superhero out there doing stuff on his own and he's NOT part of Coon and Friends!  I've looked into it and this Captain Hindsight is everywhere. He's like some freelance butthole scab. We need to make him join us! You aren't going anywhere, Chaos! You've got poop, don'tcha?  Now the question is, how are we gonna get Captain Hindsight to join Coon and Friends? I CARE! There's not gonna be any worse disaster. What could possibly be worse than a fire that kills fourteen people?! Good, you're all here. Take a look at this. Coon volume up!  Yes. This is definitely a job for Coon and Friends. Oh no! Goddammit! We have got to get that guy into Coon and Friends! Gentlemen, my attempts to recruit Captain Hindsight into Coon and Friends have been unsuccessful, but I believe I've come up with a solution. Coon Vision on!  All we need to do is get pictures of Captain Hindsight naked with Courtney Love. Then we'll tell him if he doesn't join us, we'll put them on the Internet. Simple, Toolshed. Coon slide 2?  We dress Professor Chaos up as Courtney Love, take pictures of him naked with a homeless guy, then photoshop Hindsight's face onto it. Gotta get to work fast, people! Coon and Friends, ho! That's because you think small, Mosquito! You have a tiny little mosquito brain, that's why you don't come up with the plan! Oh who cares about some oil spill environment crap?! You don't know that I'm Cartman because my true identity is secret!   A bake sale? We're superheroes, not the fucking Girl Scouts!  You think selling lemon bars is helpful to mankind? Shut up, Mint-Berry Crunch! You aren't even anything! Oh, what are you, the boss now?!  Sounds awesome. Let's do it.   Just like before and all forgotten? Right right? Keewwwl! So what's next for Coon and Friends?  My fellow superheroes, I have done it. Hindsight is taken care of. And now the country can finally be made aware of Coon and Friends! Right, Toolshed. Now, how do we deal with these creatures from another dimension? Okay, what? You're kicking me out of Coon and Friends. You can't kick me out of Coon and Friends, I'm the fucking Coon! You don't keep anything! This is my basement and I'll tell my mom on you guys! Mom, what the fuck?! The fuck are you doing?!  You've gotta be fucking kidding me! 
Come on, people! Some of us need to get to New Orleans NOW!  Yes yes, I am the Coon. Ya have? Actually, I'm no longer with Coon and Friends. I work on my own now. Yes, of course.  This fight would not be the last the Coon fought. Next stop: New Orleans! Cthulhu! Cthulhu, dude! Over here!  Goddammit, why don't dark lords fuckin' listen?!  What should I do?  Convincing a giant creature from another dimension to do what you want is no easy task. After days of killing and conquering, Cthulhu is at rest. Now is my chance to make a move. Perhaps last time I was too forceful with the dark god. Too demanding. To get what it wants, sometimes a coon must be on the attack and vicious.  Ladies and Gentlemen, today we are pleased to announce the successful merger of Cthulhu, and the Coon. Cthulhu's track record for complete dominance and interdimensionary rule is without question. And now, coupled with the legitimacy and instantly recognizable brand name of The Coon, we intend to bring change and fight injustice. As the all-new Coon and Friends. And anybody else using that name for their benefit is breaking the law! Oh, what's that? There is another group using our trademarked name? Well, I guess we have a right to banish them to a dark oblivion, don't we?! Yeeheah! Yeah, fuck all o'you! Lick my balls! <poem><i>Now begins a new adventure for... MEEEE!</i></poem> <poem><i>Sending all my stupid friends to oblivion!</i></poem> Suck it, bitches! 
Gather around, believers in good, and listen to the newest installment of The Coon. It all began when the BP Oil Company drilled into the ocean floor and ripped open a hole into another dimension. Seeing the disaster on Coon-Vision, the Coon immediately called together his trusty Coon Friends. As the Coon explained how the disaster could be stopped, something terrible happened. Without warning, the Coon friends changed. Their superpowers morphed somehow, turning them into... supervillains.  I will not rest until that happens. Hi Mom. Just doin' stuff Mom. Are my friends downstairs in the secret base?  The Coon's mother appears to be extremely upset. In order to get past her, I must use the LeBron James technique.  Mom... what should I do? What should I do? Should I admit I made mistakes? Should I say I've done this before? Should I write a song about how I should have stayed in my room? What should I do? Should I say I am not a role model? Should I not listen to my conscience? It's my conscience, Mom! What should I do? Go back to my room and pretend nothing happened? Not jump out the window and fly to New Orleans? What should I do, Ma? Tell me!  So, what's goin' on? No, I, I know. That's cool, I understand. Even though I started it and the secret base is in my house. Yes, that's totally understandable. No you're right. For no reason. Clearly something is wrong with me. But you guys, what should I do?  Hm. Ah, all right, look. You guys were totally right, okay? That's all I wanted to say. That and... there's a double rainbow outside. Double rainbow, you guys. You don't see 'em often, but there's one outside right now. You've gotta come see!  Isn't it beautiful you guys? You are correct, Human Kike! Not that supervillains like you guys could ever see a double rainbow! Your evil-doing days are over, Mosquito! All of you shall now be dealt the swift hand of justice! Nuh uh, you guys are the bad guy.  He's going to help me get rid of you guys so together we can make the world a better place! No, because it's for the greater good, like when Superman teamed up with Lex Luthor!  Aww! Dude, that was awesome! You're all like "Mehhhh" and they were all like "Nooo!" All right, now, we've taken out most of the synagogues, destroyed San Francisco, sent my friends into a dark oblivion, and so our next order of business will be Burning Man.    No nonono! Excuse me! It is not Cthulhu, it is Coon and Friend! I'm a little sick of everyone giving him all the credit when I'm the one really making the world a better place!  Kewl. Oh get that fire-twirling hippie bitch. After the triumphant victory over the evil hippies of Burning Man, Coon and Friends turned their attention to the next villainous scourge, bravely taking out every Whole Foods left in the country! No more organic crap for America! Thanks to Coon and Friends the country would soon be rid of all evil, but first, they would come up against their most challenging and most evil opponent, Justin Bieber. In order to save the Earth, this little butthole had to be stopped. Yep, that's him. So long, Justin Bieber, you little douchebag!  It isn't just Cthulhu, Mr. Reporter. He's merely a small piece of Coon and Friends, who will continue to fight for good and justice. Yes, Coon and Friends are happy to help. We do not need thanks for our deeds. We do not want gifts, all we want is for people to buy our Coon and Friends T-Shirts for $14.95. Kenny? What the hell? I sent you to the- It's not my fault you guys turned evil, Kenny! I'm going around making the world a better place! Right, that's what superheroes do.  Don't listen to him Cthulhu! We have more important stuff to do! Cthulhu, you are a Coon Friend, and I'm the Coon! You will listen to me!  Fuck you, Kenny! Come on you guys, this is fucking bullcrap! Let me out! This is inhumane! There's a big bucket with Butters' poop in here, and there's nothing to eat! Fuckin' Mintberry fuckin' Crunch. 
