Who the hell put this faggy fake ticket on my truck! 
Hey thanks, kid, this is really nice of you. 
Mess him up, Edge! He took his job! I'm telling you guys, you've got to see this. These kids ain't more than eight or nine years old an' they got more problems than you can imagine. Yup, and there's this little girl, she's actually addicted to gettin' abortions. Got pregnant by nearly every boy there. You can watch 'em almost every afternoon. It's some of the greatest wrestlin' we ever seen.  Son of a bitch. Mister, you'd better take your gay porn an' walk right out of this bar. Yeah, no I I think Congo is a great wrestler; I just think Rad Russian has his number. Uh oh, it looks like the intermission is over, better head back. What the hell do you care?! Get off the wrestlin' mat! Boo! Oh man, they took his job? Screw this, this is just stupid.  
Look at 'em. Every day, people are buyin' more an' more of them Amazon and Google thingies while we all sit here an'  lose our jobs! Automated personal assistants, self-drivin' trucks, whatever happened to people jobs?!  Now let's get out there and protest that Alexa took our jobs! No, not Joni Mitchell - "Turk Our Durr", you took our durbs! Amazon! Google! Apple! We're protestin' big corporations turning to automation! A home reno-what?  We have a right to protest, your honor!  Well just change the name of your show then! We just gotta hunker down and stick together here! You're full o'shit!  Doot doot. I've added Bella Terra quartz slabs to your shoppin' list. Fine! I've added Carrara gaywad pussy tiles to your shoppin' list!  I ain't doin' it! This job is degrading and menial! Somethin' that was Goddamned dignified! I'm sorry,  I do not get that!  What?! I'm sorry, I do not understand.  You really think you're different from us, Marsh? 'Cause you got a fancy show and live in the suburbs? Don't you see we're all about to be expunged?! Well, I don't have to stand here and take this! I'm leavin'!  Naw, hell with you! This whole country's goin' to shit! Muslims tryin' to kill us, black people riotin', and Mexicans poppin' out babies! Pretty clear it's either them or us, so I say kill 'em all!   You all work 'em out. Leave me alone. You don't know everything! It's 'cause I can't do it, alright?! I can't take out the wall between my livin' room and my kitchen! It's a load-bearin' wall!   So you see, what I'm afraid of is very real. You're talkin' 'bout... tearin' down the foundation of everything I know. I'm ready.   This is fuckin' amazing. It's all perfect. Oh my God, it's my own Zen garden! I can't believe this is fuckin' real. 
