I don't know. This map doesn't make any sense.  Oops. A road? Hey, Kenny. They're not pirate ghosts, Jonathan, they're ghost pirates. "Pirate ghost" would suggest that a pirate died, and became a ghost, but a ghost pirate is a ghost that later made a conscious decision to be a pirate. No. It makes them ghost pirates. Hey, I got an idea.  We should set a groovy trap. We need something that might catch their eye to use as bait. I know, your Antonio Banderas love doll. Okay. Here's how the trap will work. When the pirate ghosts walk in, they should go right for Antonio Banderas.  When they hit the super-slippery floor, they'll slide onto this mining cart, which should travel down this path, into the next room, where the fish net will fall on them.  Jonathan, no! Hold on, guys!  David! You did it, Nibblet! You trapped them! Yeah. And then he used this flashlight and some cotton swabs to create the ghosts.  
 I don't know... And he kicked the crap out of Jessica Pinkerton.  AAAAAAAH! No, I - no - I didn't see an angel. Maybe. It's impossible to knoooow!  We don't know... We can't possibly know... 
This is David with INsecurity. Is everything all right? Hold tight. Police are on their way with blankets and cocoa.  
  Ohhh you have to pay for the bundle. You can't just pay for what you wanna watch. Darn it. Hey Mitch? When can you get out to shut off some cable boxes?  Three weeks, huh? Okay, is three weeks from now okay with you guys? Oh Jeez, that's terrible. Say... say that last part again? Well what was the last part you said? Nono, the part about your parents not getting the channels easily? How...  How much would it bum them out? 
I guess you win, huh, big shot?! If you really are any kind of important to anybody, then get your bullshit food critic ass to the south of town and face me! Because you aren't a food critic, and you aren't important!  Where I come from, we settle things with our fists! I'm not from Mexico, dude! I'm from Idaho!  I'm gonna show this prick how we do things in Boise! I think I know what to do. 
Aaa! 
No answers here, Tom. We're trying to correct the problem. Tom, we've just about got it fixed. It should be ready now.  
First we have the beautiful Yorkshire 33mm with proud owner Stephen Stotch. The playful and lovely Australian semiautomatic owned by Father Maxi. That's a favorite of the crow here. Always a favorite at these shows. The judge now asking to see that Yorkshire 33mm up close. And next up will be the- Yes, six armed gunmen have entered the arena, one of which is carrying an absolutely gorgeous little Pekingese Glock 17. 
Buenos días, niños. Me llamo Jefe.  Tu familia no está aquí, Es triste. Tu kri. Tu kri.  Aquí es mervilosa! Divértida!  Papél de aluminió, por favor.  Broflovski - is, is that an El Salvadorean name?  Yeah! But... Doesn't Mexican Joker understand that we're just doing our job and making America great? Well, what would Mexican Joker- I don't wanna be part of a bad guy flashback scene. Maybe we should get kids out of here. What are you saying? Hi, Princess Star. Boooo! Hola niños, me llamo Jefe...  Oh, hey Jeff. Rodgers read an article about how electroshock therapy can help people who've gone through traumatic experiences. We figured some treatments could help Mexican Joker deal with his trauma. To hell with the costs, Jeff! If Mexican Joker doesn't have flashbacks, then he doesn't grow up to be a monster!  Oh God! I don't know which way is up anymore! This is the flashback?! Jeff, you know what this means? Now we'll have to let them all go! This is how Mexican Joker breaks free! 
A beautiful morning in Morrison, Colorado as we get ready for the 6th Annual Strong Woman Competition, a two-day long competition of tests built to push athletes to their very limits.  Ms. Woman, do you feel ready?  Now, this is the first year that a trans woman is in the competition. How do you feel about that? Uh huh, and uh have you ever actually met Heather Swanson? She's not exactly your average trans athlete. Okay, Heather Swanson is actually joining us now. Ms. Swanson, how does it feel to be competing today?  And is it correct you just started identifying as female two weeks ago? David Perry! Any words for the challenger, Ms. Woman? Well, with that let's get right to the action. 
