My name is Dick. No! I'm a colleague. You probably know me as "Dildo Shwaggins". We need to talk. We're on the same team, Skankhunt. What's "Protocol Zero"? Us trolls have to be careful.  You know that. These are really dangerous times, Skankhunt. There are there are things happening in the world and trolls have to come together. Someone is trying to wipe us out! Our way of life is in danger. That's not true. I've studied your work. You're one of the best trolls I have ever seen. Gerald, we need each other. The Danish  are planning something horrible against us.   You can't deny who you are, Skankhunt. Because we're all in danger. Didn't you see the video I sent you? They will be able to,  everyone. You need to see this video, Skankhunt. The whole world is about to change. I'm warning you, Skankhunt,  this video is really gonna rock your world.  This is why we all have to come together, Skank. I told you. I Google Translated the last part. He said "Come out troll, come out and die". By next week, everything everyone has ever done online is going to be available to the public.  You're not dead, Skankhunt. There's still hope.  Fellow trolls, let me introduce you to Skankhunt42. 
Fellow trolls, we have gathered together because our anonymity is being threatened. Individually, we are some of the most notorious trolls in Colorado. We must now find a way to unite. Each one of us has the power to make message boards go haywire, The power to make individuals buckle and fall. Imagine if we use those skills against a common enemy. And we... have Skankhunt42. I believe that he... is the key to stopping all this. You were saying, Skankhunt? If we all worked with you, Skank, could we do it? Could we troll an entire country? Hello.  I gotta hand it to you, Gerald. You have a really nice home, nice family. And who is that? I've studied your work. You're so good at lashing out at the system. Bringing people down off their high horses. Why do you do it? I don't believe that. I think there's more to Skankhunt. When I was in school, kids teased me. Called me "midget," even though I'm not. My mother was a little person, but she actually married a guy who had gigantism syndrome. She thought, if she was a little person and had a baby with a giant, I would come out normal.  We can't let these Danish pricks take our online lives, Skank. For some of us... it's all we have. Test test 1 2. This is Dildo Shwaggins. We are ready to commence the trashing of Denmark. All trolls report in. Okay. everyone follow Skankhunt's lead. Don't get distracted, we are only trolling Denmark. It's started!  Don't know, but Google has it as the number one story. We did it! We did it!  The Guardian has a bunch of stories up about how the Denmark government isn't responding to even interview requests. 
We came to celebrate! I think if anything, we proved that trolls really can have an effect on the world. And I think on the next one,  we're only gonna get better. Skankhunt, we got an entire country to sign off social media and... stop what they were doing. Imagine what effect we can have on the rest of the world? What do you mean? We're all on a team, Skankhunt. But you saw what we did when we worked together? Just think what we could do to like the Presidential Election. Of course it's political! I remember being called a fag for no reason. Okay.  Hey, Skankhunt, it's Dildo Shwaggins. Well you haven't been answering my calls, so I know this is the only way I can only talk to my buddy.  I wrote a song about our friendship. Can I just play it for you?  Two lone wolves on the plains of darkness. The Valkyrie  flies from the wailing clouds. The last of the-- I miss my friend. I don't know how things got derailed but, I-I'm sorry if I made you upset. I want to be buddies again. Come on, let's just have a couple of beers and do some trolling. Why are you mad at ''me'''? I refuse to believe that Skankhunt is that shallow. When you Photoshopped penises in Kesha survivors' mouths, it's not just to make people laugh. If someone Photoshopped a dick in your wife's mouth, would you just think it was funny? It's true. You're just an asshole. I thought you were the ultimate rebel. I actually looked up to you and you're nothing but a super... dick. At least I have a reason to be angry. What do you have, that it's funny? Hurting people is just worth the laughs? One day you're gonna wake up and realize that you don't have anyone either.  
You can stop being an idiot now. Skankhunt. I was sent here by the government to do international espionage like James Bond. Of being smart and funny enough to pull it off. Yeah, that's what she told all of us. Don't you get it? The government made some kind of deal with the Danish. They handed us over so they wouldn't go forward with their Trolltrace program. They wanted the troll who killed Freja Ollegard and his associates. We got sold out because of you! 
Skankhunt, stop! What are you gonna do with us? You think you can turn countries in the world against each other? Our president will never let that happen. Wow. He's gonna have his son sign in and troll for him.  Didn't you hear what that guy said? They're gonna set countries against each other! We have way bigger problems! 
Here they come. Skank. Skank, get ahold of yourself Come on. You're not an asshole Well--Well, maybe being funny is just sort of how you deal with serious subjects.  What the fuck is going on?! Wow. That's pretty impressive. 
