 Uh-hall right! Well, enjoy the spooky docks, kids. Joining me now is Father Maxi, from the South Park Church. Father, what do you think of all the preparations here at the docks? Yeah, and how about KoRn playing the big concert tomorrow? Pretty exciting, huh? Alriight, we'll see you tomorrow for Halloween! In the meantime  here's a KOZY hit by Barry Manilow. It's Halloween day, so come on down to the docks and bring your costumes!  Aah, guys, I'm sorry, but the Halloween Haunt's been cancelled. You best clear out of here! There's pirate ghosts, and they'll kill you.  
Well all right, guests, put your hands together. Be sure to tip the dancers. And now, come on, let's hear it for Candy! Huh alright guys, put your hands together, a lot of shootin' and killin' goin' on, but be sure to tip your waitress let's hear it for Rebecca. 
...the Beatles in the White Album in Helter Skelter. Okay-  
All right guys. be sure to tip the waitresses; this is two for one; put your hands together, this is Monique! All right guys, help me feel it out to them; we got a featured dancer coming out next; put your hands together for... Spantaneous Bootay!  
All right, all you dreamers and creamers out there out there in South Park, I'm gonna play a song by a local artist that really made me think about my impact on the earth. This is Stan Marsh with "Hey, People, You've Gotta Drive Hybrids Already".  
All right, that was "Get This Party Started" and joining me in the studio now are four local boys who are gearing up to throw the most epic party ever. Is that right, boys? Now, this party is also for a good cause, because it's to honor a little boy with diabetes, Scott Malkinson. Is that correct? Must be pretty special having a big party in your honor, Scott. How does it feel? All right, well, we've got lots of people callin' in. Caller, what's your question? All right, it's sure to be a blast. Phone lines are going craaazy! Next caller, what's your question? Mark in Fairplay, you had a comment? All right, all right, next caller, you got a question for the boys? Well all right, time for action indeed. Let's go to the phone lines. Go ahead, caller. All right, let's go to Jamie in Como. Go ahead. Oh Kansas, watch the language there. Next caller, you're on the air. Ohhhhhh well all right, next caller is Eric. Are you there, Eric? 
All right, South Park, and now here's that special treat we told you about. Live with us in the studio is a hot new band: The PC Babies. They're gonna perform their new song, which is about the injustice of white people in dreadlocks. It's called "Weeaaagh."  
Continuing with non-stop holiday music. Here's a song from that hot new group, The PC Babies. It's a song about how the idea of Mrs. Claus perpetuates female stereotypes. It's called, "Jingle All The Waahhhh."  
