 Very interesting. Well, your- your temperature is only 55 degrees, you have no pulse, no heartbeat, and your, your eyes are all puffy and sticky. Yeah, I'm afraid the two of you have - Pink Eye. I'd give you topical medicine, but I don't wanna touch ya. Yeah, well for God sake don't touch your eyes. I'll prescribe some antibiotics. Why, hello Chef. Let me guess, pink eye, right? What the hell are you talking about? Chef, Ah- I think maybe the pink eye has made you a little delirious. Le- let me give you some, some topical cream. Uhh, Mr. Torres was here for a routine check-up Chef. Hey hey, now, now, there, there have been a lot of incredible advances in topical creams over the last few years. Well, uh, i- it was the mortician and his assistant at the morgue, yeah. Now, now, now let's, let's form a line, I've got enough topical cream for everybody. Ahh! 
You're a very lucky little boy. I've never seen a hemorrhoid so infected. It could have killed you.  I don't understand it. He's not fighting the infected hemorrhoid at all. It's like he... like he's lost all hope. Well if you'll excuse me, I've got more tests to run.   I'm sorry. Your son appears to be losing the battle. I'm afraid that the hemorrhoid has spread to his lungs. Normally, the body would fight the infection, but he's... he's just... given up on life. There's nothing I can do. Little fella's just... lost his will to live. Well, I s-supposed it could be rigged, but I-- He's coming back. Wait a minute. Yes! The hemorrhoid is going into remission! 
Alright, Ms. Sanders, all ready for your abortion?  Well, try to relax; It will all be over very soon.   Now, there is one more thing. Have you heard of stem-cell research? Well basically, a lot of amazing studies have shown that stem cells might be used to fight cancer and a myriad of other diseases. Right now, a lot of stem cells come from the tissue of aborted fetuses-  ah- I'm sorry, unwanted children. And if you sign a release, that tissue can go to studies. The hope is that someday it might.  Great.  Nurse?  This is to go to Alder's Labs for stem-cell research.  There we go, little buddy. You sure you don't wanna take your jacket off; it's pretty warm. Hmm, what a lucky little man. We'll be right outside if you need us, Kenny.  
Well, he's a very sick little tugboat. He's going to live, but- Sorry. ...Now? Oh. Uh, your tugboat's going to be okay. He just needs an oil change and a new steamstack. 
Well of course you are! And Canada Friends welcomes you! That's Scott! He's a dick Oh no you don't, Scott! Leave these boys alone! The new Prime Minister doesn't live in this part of Canada. He's in Ottawa.  Good-bye, friends! Good luck with the new Prime Minister! And remember to watch out for Scott! He's a dick! 
 Excuse me, what are you doing here?! If you wanna be in the OR, a pass is required! 
Hello, Mr. Garrison, I'm Dr. Biber. I'll be performing your surgery today. ...an abortion? Mmister Garrison- Mmrs. Garrison, you can't have an abortion. No, I mean you're physically unable to have an abortion, because you can't get pregnant. You can't have periods either.  You had a sex change, Mr. Garrison, but you don't have ovaries or a womb. You don't produce eggs. N-that's right. Basically, yes. 
Then that's it! We brought him back. Call the parents. They're going to be shocked to find out... their son is alive. It's the latest in electro-plastilical science. Your son's organs are all functioning again. I'm afraid he can't respond to you. You see, being dead for that long, most of Kenny's brain cells died from lack of oxygen. Your son is alive, but, in what we call a "persistent vegetative state." I'm afraid no. Brain cells cannot be repaired once dead. But his soul is still in here.  Almost... trapped in here, if you will. Kenny is the same as he ever was. It's just that, now, he's more like ...a tomato. A feeding tube. It pumps a nutrient paste directly into Kenny's stomach. With it we can actually keep Kenny the tomato alive for years. He can't respond to you, boys. Being dead for that long caused severe damage to his brain.  But this just doesn't seem right. I'm afraid I've been given a court order to remove Kenny's feeding tube. I'm sorry. I have no choice.  
Your son is suffering from severe dementia. He claims that the ghost of a dead friend talks to him. This is usually a sign of schizophrenia brought on by some tragic event in the child's past. I think it's best that we take him to the mental center and do some tests.  Just stay perfectly still now, Butters. Good. You're gonna feel a little pinch now, Butters.  Well, after fourteen hours of testing, I can say Butters is definitely suffering from aggravated repressed memory syndrome. You see, Butters, when the brain wants to cover something up, it makes up images and sounds for you to hear. Good. We're making a lot of headway. We'll do some more testing tomorrow. All right, folks. Let's let Butters get some rest.  
Well, all his vital signs are still normal. From his outward appearance, I would say he has the standard skin pigment deficiency. Yes, I'm afraid that your son is suffering from gingervitus. Well, the red-haired and freckle gene is a recessive gene. It must've stayed dormant in your system until you hit adolescence.  Ms. Cartman, I know this must be... very difficult for you. I for one can't stand red-haired, freckled kids, but you need to understand, there is no cure. Your son will be ginger his whole life. You might want to just... put him down. All right, but... you're gonna have to take certain precautions now. It's very important that you keep Eric out of the sun. The sun... is his worst enemy. 
I'm afraid Super Nanny is in a deep state of mental psychosis. I mean,  Well there... is... one more show you could still try. 
 Yeeaahh, that's a pretty bad lice problem there. Good thing they pulled you out of school.  Well, believe it or not, some lice can actually attach themselves to flies, and then wait for the fly to land on someone's head where they can reproduce. And then the lice that live in your head now were probably all born there. This shampoo should take care of it.  Use this in the shower. Your scalp may burn a bit afterwards, but... it should kill... every last one of them. 
That doesn't seem likely. Tourette's is a hereditary disease; it doesn't just suddenly start.  ...On the other hand, Tourette's does often develop later in a child's life, getting progressively worse.  We don't know very much about Tourette's I'm afraid. But we will give your son all the help we can. Don't worry, young man. We'll make sure everyone understands your disease and gives you the compassion you deserve. 
He's recovering, but there's been some trauma to his brain. The boy says he's been hearing imaginary voices. 
During the tonsil surgery we had to supply you with donor blood. A mistake was made and you were given blood contaminated with HIV. It was a one in a billion fluke. We're going to do everything in our power to make this up to you, Eric. For starters, I think I owe you some ice cream.  
 She's... alive. But, we almost lost her. Why couldn't you boys just leave her alone? I don't want you making her upset.  All right.   Right, boys?! Well, I'll let you boys have your say.  Damn it, she can't handle any stress right now! Damn it you have to take her out of here; she can't be around all this right now. She's dead. 
Alright Queef Sisters, it's time for your yearly PAP smear and vag exam.  Now listen heauh! If you queef in my face, then I refuse to be your gynecologist! Well just don't let it happen again! Now I'm going to check for cysts.  That's it! No PAP smear for you! You should have thought of that before you queefed in my face three times!  Well alright, let me check for cysts.  
He does not have gills. 
 Alright Eric, we got the X-rays back. He has two fractured ribs, a broken femur, torn ligaments in both knees, and a level 2 concussion. He also appears to be developing three small vaginas in his stomach, but they are all sparkling clean. You aren't on life-support. Pulling a plug wouldn't do anything. You're lucky to be alive, young man. Sneaking onto a NASCAR racetrack and hijacking a car for a joyride? That has got to be the stupidest thing I've ever heard of a kid doing!   
What we need to figure out here is, are we dealing with maybe a little bipolarism? Some rage addiction? It could be a lot of things. Let's try a little experiment. I wanna see maybe what kind of things... trigger you, Eric. Okay? How do you think you would react if I said some negative things about you? What if I were to tell you that I think you're fat? I think you're a fat little boy. I think you're waaaaay too fat for your age. Does that make you feel any anger? Huh, fatty? Jelly-belly? You got jelly in your belly you little fat fuck? You get a little flash of anger when someone tells you you've got tits like a 40-year-old woman? Fat boy?!  ...Huh. Well, I just don't see it, Ms. Cartman. Your son doesn't seem to be triggered by anger at all. In fact, I'd say he's one of the more even-tempered children I've ever seen. Excuse me.  I want to congratulate all of you for making the effort to come to anger management class. Together, we're gonna learn what makes us angry, okay? And how to better deal with it so we don't get ourselves into trouble anymore. Right. See, what we all need to do is chaaannel our various reasons for anger, and learn to control it. Well, Eric, because I know you want to... control your anger and become a better person.  NO! No! I'm not saying that, at all. Please I, I'm just saying how a-, amazing you are for wanting to... l-lessen some of your more... less awesome attributes. Okay, what we're going to do now is get to the root of all your anger. Daniel, could you stand up please?  What makes you the angriest, Daniel? Okay, great. Chase, could you stand up and pretend to be a stupid-ass blind liberal?  And what makes you angriest, Chase? Okay, Daniel's a scrawny-ass sissy, he just cut in front of you in line at the bank. Go!   Does... everyone here have an issue with their penis size? Hmmm. We all want to welcome our new member, Randy. Say hi to everyone, Randy. Now, we've all been trying to channel our anger in more constructive ways, Randy. Why don't you share what's bothering you? Mr. Marsh, this is what we're here to try and work on, okay? If you take a minute to think about your anger, and give-  whoa! Whoawhoawhoa!  'Scuse me. Excuse me, let me through.  Look, we all get angry, but when someone is consistently angry or always finding new reasons to be angry, it means they have a very very very very small dick. Isn't there? Isn't... there? 
Alright, let's get him into ER. 
Hey, you kids Faith Hilling in front of my clinic? 'Cause I got a couple of patients in here that could use a good time machine.  
Uh hum. Mmm.  I'm sorry, Mr. Marsh, but there appears to be permanent damage. You don't. I'm sorry, there... just isn't enough research in how sarcasm affects the brain. Oh, really? You, you think there's a correlation between sarcasm and sarcastaball?  That's fascinating. Please, go on. You know, I have a 50-year-old Alzheimer's patient out in the waiting room who can't even remember his family, but... let's forget about him and focus on how sarcastaball might be damaging people's brains. Okay, well I've got a better idea. Let's get all the funding for cancer research and genetic diseases, let's, let's take all that money and make commercials that say "Hey America, sarcasm might not be such a great thing for your brain." 
Your friend has had a severe allergic reaction. All right, but don't take too long.  
I'll take the pledge. 
 
Hello there, misterr... Principal, is it? Hm what's bringing you in today?  O-kay, can you describe the ringing? You're hearing a song?  So maybe you're having some feelings for her. Well, I looked, and Hootie & The Blowfish aren't in your ears. I believe you're hearing them in your mind and your heart. 
Mmmhmm. Yeah I see. Well, Sharon, have you maybe considered that your feelings are partly due to... handkerchief balls? Handkerchief balls. Handkerchief out the balls. [Randy signs: "''she used to have periods'',"] Red handkerchief. ["''but now she's old and going through menopause''"] No- no more handkerchief. No more- no more red. Zero. Empty. Old lady. Old lady, where's my dick?  Where's my dick? 
 And you believe this all relates somehow to the movie Black Panther not being as good as everyone says it was? Oh ahh, d'ya, sorry. Just...  Uh, well, you know, young people have so much to deal with today. I believe that what you have is... anxiety. It's pretty common these days. What it really is, more than anything is an excuse to be lazy and lame to everyone around you. Anxiety can make you feel unable to cope. But living with someone who has anxiety can be a bit of a roller coaster as well. We have to support our loved ones with their anxiety and try to understand their illness. Well, because his anxiety make him feel like anything he says might sound wrong. That's why we must nurture our loved ones, so they feel safe. Maybe you, you wanna text him that?  Look, we're all just trying to understand this condition, and it's like you're not listening! 
 Big boys get a toy from the toy chest.  Eric, it's just a little prick.  Eric, I've been speaking with your mother. I'm afraid there's some bad news. Your mother received a heavy dose of vaccine that wasn't meant for an adult. I'm afraid there have been... side effects. 
What exactly are your symptoms? Sounds like you haven't had access to marijuana for a while, now reality is setting in. Well maybe they shouldn't go away. Maybe this is your wake-up call that you've been abusing drugs, and need to face all your wrongdoings, try to turn your life around. That's not going to work, Mr. Marsh. You're not the President of the United States. 
Hey-hey! Stan the man! How ya doin' buddy?  The nurse said you came here by yourself. No parents? Oh, okay, pal. What is it? Well, kiddo... you don't normally go to a doctor's office for feeling racist, but tell me what happened. Uh huh, Tolkien. Great name. Uh huh... and how long have you thought that? Wow. Fuck you. You really thought a couple of black people had a child and named him Token? Why would anyone name a black kid Token? You're a piece of shit. You were just going along with the dominant culture of the white paradigm, that's what you were just– Get out of my office, you make me sick! I don't know what's wrong with some people. I wonder if anyone else thought that this kid's name was Token? Hmm? Anybody? Anyone else just assume his name was Token? Because that's disgusting, and you are the problem. I thought I told you to get out of my office, because you seriously make me sick– I'm gonna shit my fucking pants right now. Oh, you wanna change? Then I suggest you start doing a lot of reading.  The story of young Stan Marsh might seem incredible, but the fact is many people suffer from unconscious biases.  If you or someone you know might have also thought the name Tolkien didn't come from J.R.R. Tolkien, then please call... 1-800-I AM A GIANT PIECE OF SHIT. Because you are the fucking problem. 
