Alright, Eric, your father was in the room the day of your DNA test, but the results were... tampered with. 
No! You shut the hell up! You've got a dumpy butt, and seven chins. Syrian refugees are all terrorists! Yeah well, it's pretty hard to look at you! We can all agree on that! Yeh-hah, good one Caitlyn. See, what I know is that there's only one way to deal with Syrian refugees, and that is... Thank you!!  That was hilarious when you called her a pizza face. Oh, that was classic, Caitlyn. You're the best running mate ever. Oh My God... Principal Victoria? 
Check his ass! Caitlyn.  Wake up, dickhead! I'll tell you what's wrong with me! There's enemies to humanity out there wantin' to put an end to all of us, and there's assholes like you helpin' them out! Son of a bitch! In our town it all started when PC Principal arrived. He's part of a mjuch larger conspiracy, and you're his lackey. Time to take this asshole down! Why not?  Where is everybody? I thought the news said they're on a hunger strike. What the hell? If this is true, then... PC Principal's trying to help. No, click out of that. What is this? So, so then, so then Caitlyn says "Look bitch, you're married to Bill Clinton. If anyone should be afraid of AIDS, it's you." Oh God, I love you, Cait. We're so gong to win the primaries.  
Yeah! Suck that poll you dumb bitch! Up 10%. Can you believe that shit?!  Caitlyn, can I ask you somethin'? Uh, when we actually get into the White House, like um, what are we gonna do? Well I mean, like, you know, once we're President and Vice-President, like, what do we do then?  Cait, you, you heard about the poll, right? We're probably gonna win. Don't tell me you don't have a plan. I don't have any fuckin' plan! That's why I have you! I'm gonna be the President and you're gonna be in charge of all foreign and domestic policies! Are you tellin' me that we're about to be voted into office and we have no idea what the fuck we're gonna do??  Ohhh Jeeez! Thanks, Matt. Huh! Huh well, well who said that? The turd sandwich? Well, Matt, I don't think I said I would fuck them all to death. Oh, sure, okay.  Fuck them all to death! Let's make this country great again!  Yeah! Those ads that are tryin' to kill us? I'll fuck anyone in the advertising business! And they'll all die too! Uh huh, okay. I do. I do, Matt. Uh, I mean, I'm not gonna just get elected, you know, and, and look like a jackass. Huh, huhuh.  Ohhh Jeeez. Come on, people! I need answers! Real solutions! You're my advisers, for Christ's sake! How do we do this?! That would take way too long! And there's no guarantee every pool in Florida has Zika!  Ugh! What the hell do I do? If I win I won't be able to do what I promised. But every day I keep going up in the polls. Why did the Democrats have to elect such a turd sandwich? If I quit, I look like a total jackass.  but I have to make sure she wins. Hello sir, how are you today? I'm calling from the Campaign for President, just seeing if uh, I can get your support for Hillary Clinton today. Yes, I know she's a turd sandwich, but you know if ya, if you look past that, you know she, she really has a lot to offer. Well, I hear you, but sometimes in life you just gotta suck a turd, you know? Hello?  Dammit! This is impossible! Are you having' any success, Caitlyn?! Every time I do something awful people just get more stoked on me! It's impossible to piss people off anymore! Turn it up. Ohhh Jeeez. That's it, Cait. That's what I have to do. I'm gonna sit out the National Anthem on live television. Then everyone will have to vote for that turd sandwich! When I sit down to not support this thing I'm sure to lose this election! Here it is! Wait a min- what, wait, what? Wait.  No, this was supposed to! Oh! OHHH JEEEZ! 
Everyone, I need to just speak from the heart here. Uhm, I don't know what the fuck I'm doing. I've gotta come clean. Uh, I had no idea I would get this far,  I'm a sick, angry little man. Please, if you care at all about the future of our country, vote for her. Okay? She's the one who at least has some experience. She, she's not as bad as you think, I promise. And unlike me, she's actually capable of running this country.  Okay, look, look, just, vote for her, she... she knows politics. She really wants to put this country first. Would you just please shut up? Get out of your own way.  She doesn't mean what she's saying. She just doesn't know how to take this because... it's very weird and her advisers probably t- Fuck, oh fuck, why the fuck does it have to be her? I am so fucked. America, please listen to me. I have no idea how to be President. I am a complete jackass, and I have made a giant mistake here.  Nononono, nononono, why are you clapping? I'm not a good person for the White House. I am not a good person, period. I am peeing my pants... at the thought of being President, okay?  You don't want a guy like me in the White House! You don't even wanna know the shit I've done! I have scissored with another woman when I had a sex change! No, no! I'm not the guy you want going to Russia to negotiate with Putin. I'll probably end up gettin' drunk and tryin' to suck his dick.  OHHHH JEEEZ I hate all of you so much. 	I seriously hold so much contempt for each and every one of you pieces of shit.  I don't wanna be here. Please just let me go. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know anything. I'm scared. I'm completely clueless how to proceed. I just... spew bullshit and cry myself to sleep at night. Stop thinking that I'm anything more than a douche in over his head. For fuck's sake, please. 
There's  still a chance, are you serious?!  Oh you don't say? So I'm standin' in line at the airport, waitin' in security 'cause of all the freakin' Muslims.  And the TSA security people all look like black thugs from the inner city; I'm like "Oh good, you're gonna protect us?"  Oh yeah, look, I guess some more broads are leavin'. Oh Jeez you were so on board, I can't believe I let that little offensive mark slip. Poor girls. Did you get your feelings hurt after "Fuck all the immigrants" and?" Jeez, I'm sorry. Jeez.  Oh really? Jeez that's too bad.  Hey, sorry. I didn't realize women were racists. I mean, I don't know. Nothin'. Whatever.  Oh no, I'm I'm trying. I just- Shiiit!   Okay children, let's take our seats! Let's uh, get back to our lessons on grammar, shall we? Okay, does anybody, uh, remember where we left off? No? Alright, uh, who can tell me what an adjective is?  Who can t-who can tell me what an adjective is? Adjectives usually come before what? They come before nouns, that's right. I don't know what you're talking about! I am a teacher!  Okay, adjectives describe nouns, and there are several types of them- What are some examples of adjectives you can give me for this sentence? Anybody?  The yellow ball. That's a good one. Or we can say "the slippery ball," can't we? What else about the ball? No, please!  What else can we say about the ball, children? No, please! Leave me alone!  Oooooohhh.  Oohh! You, you're not gonna try and lynch me too?  I just- I thought we could fuck them all to death, and everyone started listening to me. Next thing I know I actually get the nomination from the Republicans! It is my fault! I told people I could make the country great again, but I didn't have a plan! I got caught up in people cheerin' for me, bein' in the media every day. I, I led this entire election down the shitter. Well then, whose fault is it?! What the fuck is this? I thought you were gonna explain why people want a guy like me to be President. I think those are just grapes. 	You almost make it sound like J.J. Abrams is responsible for this entire election.  Ohh Jeeez. 
Presidential election is only two weeks away. We have to  destroy these things. Try the acid. We have to keep trying.  Where did they go? No, I'll go find more.  Then how do we stop them from getting me elected President?  Nothing matters! Well that's just impossible.  Don't you get it, Randy? I'm not a politician. I never was. Oooh geeeeez! My fellow Americans, we live in an un-presented time of uncertainty. I want to speak to you human-to-human because with God's grace, this will be the last time you ever hear from me. When I started this campaign I was saying a lot of shit because I was angry,  There is only one thing that matters now. On November eighth, you must vote against me, and show the world that you didn't think the new ''Star Wars'' was all that good. When you're in that voting booth, remember that every vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote that shows the world we agree that ''The Force Awakens'' was more like a happy day reunion's special than a movie. The choice is yours, America. Please make the right one. 
Yeah. Fuck them all. I changed my mind. The new Star Wars was actually really good. 
 Well, do I look presidential? They really worked on my stank face. Look! Whenever I don't know what people are talking about, I just do this,  They did a really good job on my stank lips. Now I feel ready to take care of business and do what really matters...  in just a minute, I'm gonna do the UV rays a bit longer.  So sorry for the intrusion. You're not too busy, I hope. Excuse me? That's better, bitch.  Do you remember the day you fired me, PC Principal? I was upset because a bunch of immigrants were changing my class and I believe your response was that I needed to go and "learn their language", "be more open-minded". Are you really?  Because you see PC Principal, you helped create me. You insisted that I was a bigot, that I was an intolerant relic left over from another time. But now, I'm your president. And if there's one thing I've learned about becoming president, it's that your penis can get really ''dry''. When all the skin on your penis is drying out from working ''so'' hard to get elected there's only one thing that can fix it, isn't there? Saliva, from a good friend who once doubted you. I need you to fix my problem, PC Principal, so that we can be even-stevens. What do you say, bud? Hey everybody!  Hello, Stephen.  This is the President. Oh, really? I'm kinda busy right now, jeez. War?  So I can do whatever the fuck I want in here now, right?  Okay, good. Thanks! Oh that will come in handy. Oh hell yeah, it's necessary. Let's do it. Love me some football.  Well, jeez, this doesn't look very fun. Why? What the hell happened? What's TROLL TRACE? For what? Well, why are you asking me? Well why would we care about Mexicans?! Well what does that even mean?! I don't know, jeez! What? Memberries? Get inside your head... Wait a minute... Nobody gets in my head, you limey bitch! Are you insulting me?! Stop wasting my time! 'Cause I'll have you here on a plane in five hours suckin' my dick!!  
Well what do they want me to do about it? Mr. Slave?  This is the President. Well well well, crawling outta the woodwork to try and get me back now that I am a big cheese? Who wants me to bomb Denmark? Mr. Slave, this is all very complicated, diplomatic stuff, okay? You can't just go bombing other countries. Oh I'm a bitch, huh? I happen to be President, bitch! I'm not scared, my advisors have told me that I... If I decide a military strike on Denmark is warranted, then I will... Oh  Bomb Denmark!  The TrollTrace building or the whole fucking thing! Whatever it is, get the missiles ready! Yeah, yeah. Bomb the shit out of them. We have to be tough here. Oh geez. What does Kyle want. This is the President Oh, for Pete's sake, Kyle. Kyle, this is all very serious diplomatic stuff, okay? You can't understand the political complexities involved here. Excuse me? Who told you that? Kyle, I am the President. Oh that's what people think, huh? Well, maybe I won't bomb Denmark. What do you think about that?  Hold up! Hold up on the fucking bombs a minute! 
 This is the President. Oh, it's fine. You know, just makin' the country great again. I got rid of like, six of 'em so far. You know, it's a little harder than I thought. Don't be a dick, Butters. Are you just callin' to shit on my Halloween? Yeah, it was my favorite time of year. Now I just have to celebrate it alone. Lemme guess: Chip Duncan. Oh, that guy was always such a douche. Comin' after all witches? Oh, Jeez... Excuse me.  You're ruining the party for everyone, Chip! I'm here to take you out! You wanna see real power?  Everybody follow me! I've got tons of Jack, tons of crack, and a jet!  
Uh huh. Yeah, I understand that, faggot. And you should understand how my balls are gonna taste when your country starts needing money. I don't give two shits about a treaty. You're a Polish midget.  Hoh, don't tell me people are still made about that n*gger thing. Oh, aren't we fancy. Okay, I don't want a bunch of  Nigers in Africa aiding terrorists. Raped and executed? Oh, you mean fucked to death? Oh yeah, that was me. My oath to the office was that I would fuck everyone to death, remember?  and you guys just get out there and put a positive spin on this whole thing. Oooo.  Hope you brought some condoms.  What are you guys talkin' about? Just having' a little chat or somethin'? Let me see that.  Huh. Isn't that interesting? But it's not a problem. See, I know something about societal psychology that you three turd balls don't. Everything's gonna be fine. Oh, I don't think so.  
Look, I'm President of the United States. I can't get involved in every petty little protest against a third-world country. Are you threatening us, you beady-eyed Canuck? Then I guess both our countries better be prepared. Yeah, listen, this thing's kind of escalating. You people need to call it quits. What exactly do you want? Jeez, I got a little chub. 
Hey! How are my approval ratings?! [Crystal runs back to bed] Hey! How are my approval ratings? Wait, come back! What's wrong? Oh, Fox News... They'll listen to me. They'll get my side of the story right! What? Oh, thank God for the Whites. I'm seriously dehydrated and starving. I'm pretty sick of this shit, so you better... Aah! [Muffled] That's true! 
What? ...Who? ...Oh okay, sure, put him through. This is the President. Huho, tell me about it. Well, did you tell everyone you didn't do anything wrong? Well, did you then go on the attack and swap the accusations to make yourself a victim? Oh Jeez, DARVO, Randy. Deny, Attack, Reverse Victim and Offender. Alright, let's role-play. You be your accusers and I be you. Okay, go. "No I didn't! Are you joking, you psychopath?! Now you're blowin' up my yard!" Go ahead, try another one. "You damage property to make your business more profitable, you lying sack of shit! I'm not gonna be bullied by you!" See?  It's really not that hard, just takes a little chin wiggle. Do I know any good lawyers? No, but I do know Rudy Giuliani.  The fuck you, Rudy. Are you finished cleaning up those pistachio nuts yet? Listen, Randy, I'm gonna throw you a bone. You just sit tight and I'll have him take care of this. 
Tell them to suck my asshole. Ooo! Tell Fauci to shove it up his ass, and let the FDA chief know he can eat shit off my balls.  Yes, this is the President of the entire United States. Stan Marsh? Where's Mr. Slave? Oh, for Pete's sake, here we go again.  Just deal with it. I am busy. Why would I do that? Stan, this is gonna be very difficult for a child to understand, but I made a promise to the American people- to get rid of all the Mexicans. It's killing a lot of them. I've gone over the statistics, Stan.  All I have to do now is sort of guide the avalanche in the right direction, and I'm fulfilling my promises to the American People. I was doing a crap job until this pandemic happened. I am going to actively not do anything. And you can eat shit off my balls and die.  Don't forget to get out and vote, everybody! Big election coming up.  
