Alright, troops. We depart for Afghanistan in five minutes! Let's move out! Welcome to Afghanistan, troops! Get your gear ready and report to the barracks at o-nine hundred! Alright men! Grab your guns and your Bibles! We are going to get Miss Nicks ''back!'' We're coming, Miss Nicks! Hang on! We've done it! The Taliban is destroyed! Great job, troops! Once again we have killed our enemies! The world is now safe, thanks to you. And so now, as promised, here is Fleetwood Mac with Stevie Nicks! 
We've come to help you beat those Japs, boys!  Not quite, but we have a new problem, Mr. President. Our recon team on the ladder just found new evidence of threats... from Saddam Hussein. Yes sir. And now we believe he's building weapons of mass destruction... in heaven.  we see what looks like a laboratory of some sort for making chemical weapons. Yes. It could be a laboratory disguised as a seagull. Sir, you must understand our fears. We must take out those facilities. We must...  bomb heaven! Not working on the ladder? But the Japanese won't let us use theirs. So, you're saying we should bomb this moment, right now. Right! Johnson! 
Gentlemen, Ladies, we all know that we live in a time of uncertainty. The risk of an attack on American soil is higher than ever. Now, I believe we may be able to curb that risk. Two days ago our intelligence department came across this. The AWESOM-O 4000. It is currently being used by Catamount Pictures to develop ideas for movies. Our sources say that in just one week it has come up with over one thousand movie ideas, eight hundred of which feature Adam Sandler.  No. If we got our hands on that robot, we could re-program it and turn it into a weapon! Unethical? Let me explain something to you, Mr. Scientist! We understand that the robot is from Japan! That means that the Japanese have more of them! And if the Japanese fabricates one of them into a weapon before ''we'' do... You're paid to think, Mr. Scientist! National security is our jub.  I want that robot! Are those arm and leg locks secure? Good. I don't want that robot mobile until I know what it's capable of. All right, power it on.  What's going on?  Stand by. Be ready to destroy it. What's happening? What? How can that be? Speak in a language we can understand, Mr. Scientist! Who made you, robot? But, who would have programmed it to think it was human? The movie studio?  Dear Christ, they gave it memories, too. Do I have to remind you of your position?! Don't forget you have a duty to your country,  What the hell are you doing?! Fine. Kill that son of a bitch!  Hey, wait a minute, did, did that robot just fart? Oh, and it, it smells, too! Wow, kid, you're a little faggot! 
Come on, people, we're running out of time! We need all Army helicopters to the Southern states for evacuation NOW! Tell them that the government can't help them, but that we're very sorry. You know the plan, people! We can only evacuate citizens below this line!  WHAT?? What?? Oh my God. Quick! Radio the helicopters!  Global warming didn't cause the Beaverton flood. We know now whose fault it is.  Crab people! 
Gentlemen, the President is very angry that his Internet still isn't working. Take me down below! I want to see the Internet for myself! What's wrong with it?  My God.  All right! Let's do it!  
Mr. Marsh, you are on with all the world leaders.  Alright men, check the ship.  Hey Marsh, get in here!  Looks like those alien cops were right. Guess you should call them back now. All right, let's get the cash put into boxes!  
