It just started. Maybe we can make it in time! You just- ya-you should go.  I was just trying to be a part of the big surprise, Sharon. Well. Sharon, if you wanted to make me sad, congratulations.  
Well, I went to the video game store and I bought this.  ''Jedi: Fallen Order''. It's getting great reviews. Thought you might want it. Great. Could you do just one little thing for me, Kyle? When you get back home, could you find a way to get a little of your mom's poop, and put it in this jar?  I don't need much. I'm sure you can find a way to sneak it from her. You do that and the game is all yours. Oh well, think about it. The offer stands. I heard you can customize your own lightsaber.  [dressed in a tennis outfit, turns around] Oh, hi girls. What's new? Fecal transplant. It's true what they say: I feel 20 years younger. [swings her tennis racket around] Fecal transplant, Damon. Keep your eyes in the road! Oh. Hey, Sheila. [smiles] Yeah, I had a little procedure done. Fecal transplant. No, I... did it myself. With a turkey baster. Well, it's really none of your business, Sheila. It's a private matter, a fecal transplant. I'd really rather not talk about it. See you girls! [walks off] There you are, you Goddamned bitch! I will take you to court, fat whore! You knew I was gonna steal your poo, and so you tainted it, didn't you?! I have been shitting and throwing up all day! It has to be from your feces! That's besides the point now! Oh, you're all backstabbing bitches now?! Just admit it! I can't stop puking and shitting because of what you did to me! What the fuck?! Oh, Sheila, I'm so sorry for stealing your feces. 
My bakery has seen a 20% increase in sales. Oh, I just love all these city people moving in! Here's to the future, everyone! We can't let that happen. Not when things are finally starting to turn around! Yes! We are to tell the realtors to cool their jets! You're driving all the city people away! Where is South Park Realty Group located?! There's a big one and a little, fat one! We did it! We fucking did it! 
