Sorry, Stan, it's just that when it comes to skiing, Tad has all the right moves. You aren't mad, are you, Stan? I mean, a girl's gotta look out for her best interests.  
[joins the duo on camera] I can't tell you how free I feel now that I've started identifying as a woman.  Now that I can compete as female, I'm ready to smash the other girls. I'm not here to talk about my transition! I'm here to kick some fuckin' ass! Let me tell you something, dingleberry! I'm gonna roll up the other women here, and I'm gonna smoke 'em! I am the strongest woman this state has ever seen!  Huh huh, luck is for dudes.   Hell yeah! I won! I'm a strong woman! Look at it! It's mine! I'm the best! I'm the strongest! Hey, what's going on? Is your girlfriend home? Just wanna tell her no hard feelings about me winning the Strong Woman competition.  You got a problem with me? 'Cause it's starting to seem like you have a problem with me! I was just stopping by to make sure you're not too beat up. Oh, where are the little kiddos?  Oho hey kids. Whoa, there's a lot of you. Your mom must be a strong woman to take care of all o'you. Of course, I have the Strong Woman trophy though. Heheheheh. Just kidding, right? Oh! Sounds like someone here is a transphobe. Transphobe. You're gonna what? Beat me up? You're gonna beat me up, transphobe?  Well thank you, Janet. It's a great pleasure to be here. I know that I'm an inspiration to all women and trans athletes everywhere. Now there are some women out there who just want to run and hide.  Eee-yeahhh! I just hope I can motivate little girls out there. Motivate them to understand that I will beat them at any sport they try. Motivate them to run away like that chicken shit Strong Woman did because I- Oh hey, transphobe. This is a nice surprise. I didn't count on being the best since identifying as a woman. And that's exactly what a transphobe would say! Transphobe!  Hello, boys and girls. I'm here to talk to you because apparently your school leaders have failed you. I'm gonna tell you something, kids. There's only one thing that matters in this world, and that's being the best. Your vice-principal teaches you girls to be strong, but she comes in second.  You got anything to say about that, PC Principal? "No, Ms. Swanson."  You see, people don't look up to losers. They look up to champions! Every time I beat another woman, I feel better And that's why I'm the best. Because Heather Swanson doesn't get beat. I work to be the best at everything. And Heather Swanson will beat any other woman any time, anywhere! What? Wha-what did you say, transphobe? You don't disrespect a champion, little girls! You think Heather Swanson doesn't know board games?! I was playing board games before your mom even crapped you out of her vagina! Oh it's onnn! Do you think that's fair?! You only won 'cause you dumb girls memorized the rule books! When I play games, I just wanna be a pirate or a spaceman!  I may identify as a woman now, but I grew up a boy, so you have an unfair advantage over me! 
 Do you know how long we've waited for pajama day?! You can't force us to wear normal clothes! What is this, Nazi Germany?!  You're a fascist! You're a fascist, and this whole school stinks of Nazis! It's comfy womfy. 
Why else would his name be Tolkien if it wasn't for the guy that wrote the books? 
