I don't wanna to go to hell.  
 Dad? 
Robby! Robby, no!  
I'll do it! I'll do it!  Pick a number. One, two, three. Now, pick a color. G-R-E-E-N. The answer is no.  'Kay Mom. Who? Mom, I didn't invite her! Her mother? So, what do you guys wanna do first? Marjorine, what is your problem? Yeah, and your hair is totally stupid.   Marjorine. Marjorine? Marjorine? Hey, we didn't mean it. Marjorine, you just have a ''different'' look, that's all. We just... we need to help you bring out your inner beauty. Sure.  Here, you do my future. Well uh you know, it's easy. You just put your thumbs and index fingers in here... There's a boy here?  What the hell? ...Anybody have a piece of notebook paper so I can make another one? 
 Awww! Our egg is fine. 
Is she crazy? 
<poem><i>Here he comes.</i></poem>  
 
Heidi! There's only one boy that Lisa cares about. Heidi! Why?! Don't you care about us?! Heidi! Oh God. I don't think so! We don't wanna cheer with a hater! 
What are you doing about Eric Cartman?! He's lying. Make him show you his phone. 
Come with me. Join us.  Here. I know how you feel, Eric. I know how hard it is when school gets out. With no phone, no human contact. Come on. There are others like us here.  	I want to tell you... that I'm sorry. 	When women first started getting trolled on the school message boards. I was sure it was you. I was wrong. So when you held the assembly that woman were just as funny as men, you... you weren't being sarcastic? 	Do you miss your friends? You do now.  Hey. Why is that? ...Is that a joke? I don't get it. The hardest part is not having any followers. I used to go places just to show them where I was. You dip your French fries in the sweet & sour sauce?  Wow, that's really good. I'm starting to feel like life isn't gonna be so bad. 	Yeah, of course. Girls do not have balls, no  Do you want me to show you? 
 Eric, hey! I got us both chocolate milks. The pink and blue one?!  put it on me!  The show's on at five tonight if you want to watch it at your house or my house. Why? What's going on, Boo? Shut up. I don't even try to be funny. What? Babe, stop. I don't think he meant anything by it.  Look, Kyle, I think it's great you're trying to patch things up with everyone, but the truth is Eric and I are just kind of out of it now. We gave up social media and the ugliness that goes along with it and we're in a better place. 
Hey, leave him alone!  Sorry, babe, I had to step in. What's up?  Eheh, stop, Eric. Thanks, babe. I don't know if you guys have heard, but right now, Denmark is trying to make trolling a thing of the past. They're asking for help, and I thought "why not a school fundraiser?" What? How did I say it?  When was this? Were we at Denny's?  Oh, and you kept spilling it and everything? He had that weird haircut and you kept saying that it looked like he had a dick on his head. Then we should all come together  Hey guys. Today we're gonna start our school fundraiser. It's an idea I came up with called "Danishes for Denmark." We need everyone to do their part, so later on in the cafeteria, we are all gonna need to-  I really feel like this is the start of something new! We're gonna help Denmark, and Denmark is gonna put an end to trolls. Hello.  Buy a Danish to help stop trolling? How come nobody's stopping? Maybe this was a terrible idea. Then, all of this was... for nothing. Oh no! This was a terrible idea!  I'm so stupid! Why did I even think I could bring the boys and girls together again? 	Stop baby, no I'm not. I have an idea. I might be able to figure out the source of who trolled you last night. 
What are you thinking about, Babe? You're worried about him again, aren't you? Your friend, Kyle? Then talk to him babe. Tell him what we're doing. Maybe you can get him back. Eric really cares about you, Kyle. He feels like he's losing you and he's really upset. '''' This is gonna seem a little weird to you, okay? Before I quit Twitter and threw my phone away, I was trying to prove who our school message board troll was. Before I stopped searching, I learned something.  Take a look. To try and prove who the troll was, I started to for patterns in how students used emojis; then I crossed-referenced that with the troll's writing. I call it "emoji analysis". People can hide behind a fake name, but the way they use emojis gives them away. After I had eliminated nearly every student, I have started to realize that the troll's emojis were more archaic and less elegant than the average kid's. That's when I realized it; whoever Skankhunt42 is on the school message boards, it isn't a student, it's an adult. I think... it's one of the parents. I had enough examples of the teachers' texts and emails to do an emoji analysis, they were much more in lines with Skankhunt's, but still not a match. What is it, Eric? What's wrong? Come on. We don't keep secrets, remember? You said you wanted to be perfectly honest with me, always. Yeah. Well I'm glad you told me, 'cause now I know. Of course.  You've never given me a reason not to believe you, babe. You have no reason to worry. People will know it wasn't you. With emoji analysis, everyone will be able to tell exactly where any comments came from. 
I can't believe it, babe. I really didn't think things would end up like this. I just... feel so disconnected from the world, you know? I really thought this was gonna be the moment that proved girls could do anything, like you always say. I'm just glad I have you. At least I know you believe girls are smart. And funny too, right? You're always saying how people need to get over that girls are funny. Hey, are you okay? This election really got to you too, huh? Me too, babe.  Me too. Hey babe. What's the matter? Okay. I know, babe. You've talked about how humankind needs to get to Mars for a few weeks now. Babe, there's no way to get to Mars right now. I trust you with everything I have. Eric, we're so far from home. You really think there's hope? 
You really think this is what we should do, babe? I gonna miss everyone. Oh yeah, that movie was funny. Wow, I guess you're right. What, babe?  Why do you want me telling you jokes all the time? Well, did I tell you the one about the skeleton and the skunk? I call it "Emoji Analysis". It isn't a student, it's an adult. I think it's one of the parents. 
 Babe, I have no idea what any of this means. Girls rule, women are funny, get over it.   , Dude, I am so not getting this.  I don't understand what any of these symbols mean, so in my head I'm trying to replace them with something I know to try and see patterns. And when I do that, I can see how everything lines up except for one thing. . These two don't line up, babe. The only things that are out of order.  Excuse me. Is it possible that the seventh line from the right and the third one up from the bottom left are out of sequence? That stuff there. Its in the wrong place. It needs to come before that.  
I just-- have a boyfriend who really supports me. There's a bomb threat? Babe, is everything okay? You seem...distantly lately. Did I do something wrong? You don't really talk to me the same way you used to. Oh, God, I'm sounding needy, huh? Eric, I just--I hope that you're always honest with me, even if you think it might hurt my feelings. Wow, babe. Looks like all our dreams are kind of on hold for a while, huh? Well, what do you mean? 
Hey, babe, what's up?  What are you doing? What are you pissed off about?  So you're just gonna be passive-aggressive again and not talk about what you're feeling?  You were clearly mad about something. You should just tell me when you're mad. Why do you act like this all the time? You were the one who was pissed off, you're the one being passive-aggressive again! Because you don't know how to talk about how you're feeling!  Oh... So you do have your phone. Okay, I just thought you said mobile phones are the devil. Uh, what? No, it's not that. Relationships are 50/50, Eric. We both have to make it work. We have to communicate to make sure that we respect each other's feelings. That's the only- What did you say?! That's what I'm talking about. You wanna be heard, but you don't wanna listen. Don't apologize if you don't mean it.  I love you too. Hi, Mrs. Cartman. Is Eric home? Okay.  Could you just tell him that... I want to make him happy? That I was wrong to say a relationship is 50/50. It's 100/100. And that I'll start putting in a hundred percent every day. Could you tell him I'm gonna try a lot harder? Thank you.  And could you let him know it's okay to be sad? Because the sun will come out again. What? Eric, I'm so confused. 
[approaching] Hey babe, how are you doin'? We still on for recess? 'K babe, love you.  Hey Stan? Can I talk to you about Eric? I just wanna make sure he's all right. I don't even know if I should be saying this, but, Eric said he was thinking about killing himself. We broke up, and he called saying he was about to do it. I'm still really scared for him. I'll send you the voice mail if you promise to keep it private. We're getting a lot of attention, Eric. Our Web site's already full of kids saying they feel the same way as you, and want to get help. For... wanting to take their own lives. But babe, there's a lot of kids who feel the same way you do. I thought this was about raising awareness and helping people. Eric, come on.  Eric, you need to stop. What they're doing is important. It's not about problem-solving, Eric. It's about people getting together and feeling what they need to feel. [Craig's jaw drops, as he realizes this is what Tweek was trying to tell him] People need help sorting out their emotions sometimes. And the best thing isn't always quick answers, but just being there, supporting each other and... talking through those feelings.  Come on, there has to be a way we can all work together here. Eric!  
Hey babe, what's up?  What are you up to? I just- I thought we were meeting at the park. You didn't text or anything. Sorry! I won't interrupt!  
 [dressed in a black spider suit and orange skirt with bats on it] What do you think? Yup! Almost ready.  Okay, spider or the bat? Really? 'Cause I think I like the bat. What, babe? 'Kay, all set.  Okay! Oh! I forgot my glitter lip gloss! [heads for the bathroom]  Eric, are you upset? Do you need to talk about something? Oh, okay.  Hold on, Eric. I want a picture. Will you take a picture, dad? Bye Daddy! Love you! Oh crap. Hang on! I forgot my bracelet! Hey, wait up, babe!  Come on, babe! Come on, Eric! Oh. Hey Eric. A costume party? With everything that's going on? Well... I guess. Well, maybe make it 4:30 if you're bringing the costumes.  I might need a little extra time getting ready. Don't you think we should stay on the main roads, Eric? This seems like a bad place to be right now. Eric, come on, this is a bad idea. Let's turn around.  Is that what this is about? You're still mad about the pumpkin patch, aren't you? I didn't use the bathroom 40 times!  Eric?! Eric! Oh my God! Eric, are you okay?! Okay. Just a second. Okay. Almost ready. Hang on. All ready to trick or treat? Cool. I just wanna put on some lip gloss. Do these stockings go with this outfit? I thought maybe I should use the red ones.  I can't decide if I should wear leggings or not. Is it gonna be cold? Should I just-}} 
 Yes, Eric? Eric, this isn't working. You called me a whore and pushed me in front of a car. Eric, you just can't keep being mean to me and blaming it on your blood sugar. Eric, if blood sugar is really the problem, then you need to change how you eat, right? Eric, every time I've talked to you about maybe being a vegan with me, you just tell me vegans are pussies. But then you try and blame food and your mom for being- You really mean it? All right, Eric. We'll see how this goes, okay? See you tomorrow.  Hey babe. What are you up to?  That's great. You wanna come eat with me? I can explain what I packed. Oh. Hey Kyle. Well, whattaya mean? Oh, God, not you too. Look, don't you think I get it enough from my girlfriends? "He sucks, Heidi. What's wrong with you? Why can't you admit he's a loser? How could anyone ever go with him?" I was just following my heart. Isn't that what you're supposed to do?   What? Yeah, the vegan meat that's made with all vegetables and plants. Really? That's great, babe. Oh wow.  It tasted just like KFC. Yeah, it's really good.  Hey babe. I-ah, I'm not feeling the best again.  I might see if my mom can come pick me up. I, I know, but I just feel bloated. I think there might have been something bad in that Beyond Arby's. Can you come with?  Wha, what are you doing, Eric? Oh, okay. Um, are we still on for lunch? Okay, see ya.  I keep thinking Eric's going to change. Before we started going out I was in a really bad place. I felt... pushed away by society. Then this guy came along who told me all the things I wanted to hear, and I just went with it. Does that make me a bad person?  I've been defending him for so long. I don't know how I'm gonna face people if I finally give up.   Thanks, guys. Thanks for taking me out. This is really fun.  Well, you know, he- he actually had some good qualities too.  It was just what I believed in. Hi Eric. I don't know. I think I- I just wanna make sure... you're doing okay. I want you to know I'll always care about you.  I'm sorry that I've hurt you. I think maybe I am just stupid and I don't know what I want and it ends up hurting people. But I'm the one who- Hey.  I wanted to talk to you first. Kyle, I've been under a lot of stress lately, and it was all making me really confused.  I was being manipulated, and I didn't even see it. I never do. And, I don't think you saw it either, Kyle. I've come to realize that it's not my fault. It's your fault, Kyle. You made all this happen. Made me question who I was.  
 Hey guys. What's up? What are you guys talkin' about? Bullcrap, you're all talkin' about me again. 'Cause you're judgmental bitches.  Ehhh. I look what? What? I look fat? Is that what you wanna say, Wendy? Fuck you, bitch!  "Mehmehmehmehmehhh, Heidi". I'm just trying to enjoy my lunch here! Can I do it without you guys shitting on all over me?!  You wanted to see me, Mr. Mackey? What? Judge a special needs science fair? Ahem, no thanks. Uhh, yeah? It's Saturday, and I don't wanna be at skewl? So now I'm gonna be punished by being force to judge a bunch of handicapped kids?! Well how can you expect students to commit to things a month in advance?!  I don't even know what I want for dinner tonight. You're gonna force me to come to skewl on a Saturday?! Oh what? Are you gonna call me fat now too?! It just so happens I'm a vegan, which means it'd difficult for me to get enough protein, so my body doesn't burn fat, it burns muscle, which makes it look like I'm fat, but I'm actually WAY healthier than any of YOU!! Oh, Goddammit! This is bullcrap! How can they force me to be the science fair judge?! Now I know how it feels to be a slave! Yes it is! Am I being paid to judge the science fair? No. Do I have a choice? No. "Ohhh, yes masah. Lemme judge that science fair for ya, suh!" Theresa, don't get all aggro on me because you're pissed off your family lives in a trailer. That's what I said. Your family lives in a trailer. Right. That's called a "trailer park." I'll try, but she's such a bitch. Oh, looks like Isla has something to say, you guys. Hold on, I'm sure this is going to be really profound. Go ahead, Isla, knock us out with you wit and satire. This should be good, you guys.  Oh hey babe, what's going on?  Nothiiing, just talking to my girlfriends about tiny homes. Butters. How would you like to be the judge for the Special Ed Science Fair this weekend? Yeah, don't make up excuses because judging handicapped students sounds terrible! Because nobody wants to be trapped, in a gym, with Special Ed Science. Look, it's all just a complete waste of time! It's not like the Special Ed Science Fair is actually gonna contribute to society.  What the hell is going on?! Everywhere I turn, people are being given handouts while I'm forced to work my ass off! It's total bullshit!  Relax?! How can I relax?! I get straight A's! I ace every test! And who gets all the support?! The Special Ed Department! Fellow students, I have asked to speak today because of the hypocrisy and bullying that is coming from the administration at this so called... skewl. It is an outrage that our principal and counselor denand our participation in privileged programs that are outrageously overfunded. Why is it that the school allows funding that only goes to special needs students? Are the rest of us not special? If we are continually asked to work for no money and ask our parents to pay for our programs, then soon we will all be poor, and forced to live in a trailer park like Theresa. Theresa,  What did you say?! GET THIS OVER WITH?! You're supposed to be supporting me! Being supportive doesn't mean you criticize me, asshole! Just forget it! My point is, if the school administration doesn't cancel the science fair, I will see to it that they are all fired for discrimination! It's cancelled. You guys can get all this shit out of here and leave. Thank you!  Are you just gonna stand there?! Do something! I want you to have some BALLS and act like you care about me!  Call me a bitch again! That's what I thought! If nobody else is going to do anything, I will!  Move it! Get the fuck out of the way! I said get out of the way, you assholes!  Shit!  I don't... have to listen... to anybody! Fuck you! Well I'm sick of everyone treating me like shit!  Screw all you guys!  Is there something you wanna talk about? Whatever. It's Saturday, and I'm not in skewl.  How come we never snuggle anymore?! We used to snuggle all the time and it's totally gone away! What happened?! SNUGGLE! Goddammit, how come there's nothin' to watch on Saturday but kids cartoons?! Oooo.  What's goin' on in here? I feel somethin' moving around. I-it-   SNUGGLE! 
Piece of shit!  You promised we'd have a date night!  So then why can't I come? Fuck you, Wendy! Shut up, Kyle. You sound like your mom.  I love you too, babe. Oh look, honey. Kyle's mom is here. Shouldn't you be at temple, Ms. Broflovski?  Dude, that's awesome. Uf, Kyle's mom doesn't like the cartoon, guys. Better shut it off.   Come on, we've gotta get out of here. 
..."The President?" [Her and Cartman walk up with their bikes] I saw him too. He had a blue suit and an orange face. He kept asking me "How are my ap..." You're not going. You promised that tonight, we would have a date night. Oh great. So Kyle's stupid brother goes missing, and I get fucked. How come I'm always the one getting shit on around here? Oh what's the matter, Kyle? Don't want me around because you had the hots for me and I shut you down? This is the place... This is the place where I ended it all, remember? This is where I threw my phone of the bridge and quit Twitter for good. [The camera pans to the left to show Heidi's ghost] I was so different then... so naive and hopeful. [The ghost throws the phone in the river after tweeting her final goodbye] I'm sorry! I'm trying to have a moment here! This is where our whole relationship started asshole! [The ghost turns to face herself] I remember feeling like I had nobody. Skinny bitch. Wait a minute... Isn't this the place you brought me before? The place you said your friends smashed your phone and computer...? I remember I felt so bad for you. We used to sit in the part and talk for hours. How come we never do that anymore? Here we go what?! You used to be so nice to me. I tried! But then you started rolling your eyes every time I tried to talk to you! I remember this place too... This is where you brought me on Halloween. Remember? No! It wasn't romantic. There was a witch and you had me dress up like Gretel and... [gasps] you were trying to get me killed! ''You'' were hurt! ''You'' Were the victim. [Heidi's ghost appears] ''Who turned you into this, Heidi?'' Shut up! Skinny-ass bitch! You don't know anything! [Heidi grabs White's gun] You piece of shit! This was all your fault! [She points the gun at Cartman] You controlled me and manipulated me and turned me into this! I used to be kind. I used to be caring. But then you... you... No. Not you. Me. I did this. I let being a victim become a way of life. If you always make yourself the victim, you can justify being awful. Eric... I'm sorry. I'm breaking up with you. I've been ridiculous. I have to learn to stop feeling sorry for myself. Yes, I am. It's over. It's not gonna work this time, Eric. I'm sorry. You can be the victim. I can't. 
