How do we uh, make it come out? Can I see this thing, ''please''? It, it's sending a transmission of some kind.  Whoever they are, if they're receiving messages, they might be sending them, too. Wait a minute. c-candy bars. You-you know. Candy bars. They usually come in a wrapper. Just like you... wrap a Christmas present. Christmas happens when it's cold. Cold, as in Alaska - that's... with polar bears. Polar bears... polar-- polarity! I can ''switch'' the polarity to see what transmissions are coming from the location this one is being sent to!  What??  Oh no! When I reversed the polarities, I found this:  It's a message that the aliens are broadcasting throughout the entire universe. But I have no idea what it says.  Wait a minute! Butt sex! Butt sex requires a lot of lubrication, right? Lubrication. Lubruh... Chupuh-- Chupacabra's the, the goat killer of Mexican folklore. Folklore is stories from the past that are often fictionalized. Fictionalized to heighten drama. Drama students! Students at colleges usually have bicycles! Bi, bian, binary. It's binary code!  Ladies and Gentlemen, we have recently come across an alien transmission that is being beamed throughout the entire universe.  It's a simple mathematical language that can be understood throughout the solar system. Translated into our language, it looks like this.  I'm afraid that Earth, a-all of Earth, is nothing but an intergalactic reality-TV show. Waaaait, you don't understand! There's a huge ship of some kind in Earth's orbit!  But why? Wait a minute! Chaos theory! Chaos theory, it was, it was first thought of in the sixties. Sixty. That's the number of episodes they made of ''Punky Brewster'' before it was canceled. Cancelled... Don't you see? The show is over! The aliens are canceling ''Earth''!  Wait a minute, jackets! If people don't wear jackets they could get cold. A cold is caused by a virus. A virus- a computer virus! We could make a computer virus and send it to their ships to disable their computers! 
This is Jeff with Wolf Home Security. Is everything all right? That's okay. Do you have your security pass phrase you can tell me? Okay, I've got something a little different here. No problem. It's all right, it happens all the time. You want to rape your mom? You said you lived there. 
We're trying to get a handle on just how much gluten there is out there, but... It seems impossible to contain. 
Good day, children. My name is Jeff. We know you've been separated from your families. But we want you to get a little excited about the fun we have in store for you. Everyone, please take your own piece of aluminum foil. What?! How did a Jew get in here? Oh boy, we've gotta get this kid out of here.  People might think we're racist. Sorry for our little mistake. We're goin' to get you on your way home as soon as we can. Hey. When it's raining, you gotta roll up the windows. We understand these things are hard for your people. What do you mean? Yes. Correct. Which one of them do you think is Mexican Joker? Hey David, can I talk to you alone, please. Excuse us, kid.  Now then, the most important thing is that we've got to keep this quiet! We can't let Mexican Joker know that we're onto him. Now, listen: that's just what he wants us to do. Im saying, what if he's on Mexican Joker's side?  Kids, let's all say hi to Princess Star! Oh no! Everyone boo Mexican Joker, kids! Boooo! Boo! That's enough, Mexican Joker! Your rage and your anger have made you a bad person in the eyes of Christ. I know your life was hard as a kid, but everyone has hard times.   Another busload? Oh, criminy! Welcome, children. My name is Jeff. Hey. Hey! What the hell are you guys doin'?! Are you guys completely stupid?! We can't perform shock therapy on every child that comes in here! Think of the budgetary restraints! What if this IS the flashback?! We might be IN the flashback, Dave! Maybe you're shocking the child that grows up to be Mexican Joker!  We can't fight this guy alone, Dave. It's time to alert the military. Oh shit, it's the flashback! It's the flashback! Come on! Something must be happening with the kids!  Oh Christ, look! He's converting them all to Judaism! Oh Jesus, they're all Jews with their little aluminum foil yarmulkes! Hey, that's right. It is.   Nobody here is Mexican Joker? Oh, then I'm in the wrong flashback.  
Welcome, everyone. My name is Jeff. We're thrilled you've come to help out and adopt. The parents of the children inside have all been deported, but the kids are legal citizens, since they were born in the United States.  Mr. and Mrs. White? We've all heard about your tragic loss. I'd love to help out however I can. Is there something specific you're looking for? Well, we've got all kinds here, depending on your preferences.  Here's a little Panamanian. They're very clean. This is a Colombian shorthair. Oh, and this is a good one. This is a Baja shepherd. Bien, gracias. ¿Y tú?  Yes, they're pretty silly-looking. Great with kids though. Oh, why, this is a purebred Mexican. He's had all his shots; parents were deported two weeks ago. Here, we can let him run around a little bit.  Bien, gracias. ¿Y tú?  We're so glad you came back, Mr. and Mrs. White. We have even more kids now whose parents have been deported. Oh, here's a good one. Four years old, parents just deported yesterday. He's a Panamanian podengo pequeño. We could see how he gets along with the kids.  
