Here, watch.  See? 
Wow, what a great audience.  How about Jimmy Stewart? "Merry Christmas, movie house." And John Travolta. "Oh my God, Mr. Kotter! Mr. Kotter, oh, oh my God, Mr. Kotter!" Gee, sure, that'd be great! Thanks, fellas. See ya tomorrow at the bake sale, fellas. Wow, what a great audience. I just flew into South Park. Boy, are my crutches tired!  Well, I sure have met a lot of interesting people here in South Park.  And how about that school counselor? "Uh, dr-, drugs are b-bad."  Wow, looks like when it comes to comedy, I really t-take the c-keh-c. I really take the cay. I really take the k-keh cake.  Oh, hey Timmy. I'm glad you called, very much. I've been detecting some a-animosity towards me lately, and I was hoping we could bury the hatchet. What's that? A present? You got me a p-present? ... You-you didn't have to do that, Tim-Tim. Oh, sure. I'll see if it fits.   Thanks again, Tim-Tim. And so I said to him, "Hey, I- I may be handicapped, bu-but I'm not... deaf."  Wow, what a terrific audience. Well, for my next joke I'm gonna need a vo-volunteer from the audience, very much. How about you, Timmy? Sure, come on up here, Tim-Tim.  Hey, don't push me! Well then that settles it! Fellas, what we're gonna hafta do is try to ch... change the Scouts' rules, very much.  Timmy, when I tell you to do something, you do it! Timmy, don't make me k... kick you ass! Put on the hat! Pu-put it on!! Not this year. Come on. Come on! Come on!  Uh.  Huah!  Come on! No!  Ow! Timmy? Timmy?  Well, Timmy, I guess we learned an important lesson, too, very much. There ''is'' room for more than one handi-capable person in Scouts. I'm glad we're best friends now. See ya at Scouts.  Yes? Out of Scouts?  What?  Hey wait a minute! This is crazy! You can't do this! No! No!  
Well, hello, Eric. I was really glad you called me, very much. What's this all about? Gee, that's a terrible thing, Eric. Um comedy can be the best therapy, very much. Oh, I don't think that'll be hard. I've been working on my rr... routine. Okay. Try this one on for size: Why did the... pigeon cross the road? Because it was having sex with the chihi... Because it was having sex with the ch-hi-hi... Because it was having sex with the ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch... eh, it was having sex with the ch-ch-hiicken.  Wow, what a great audience... How about this classic? Knock-knock. Orange. Orange you glad I didn't say banoo'n? Orange you glad I didn't say banoo'n? Orange you glad I didn't say bbb? Orange you glad I didn't say beh buhuhnnnaana? Wow, w-what a great audience... Knock-knock. An interrupting ca'ow.  
 Well, the, the reason I think I would make the perfect foreh- friend, is that I love telling jokes. You know, who doesn't like to laugh?  Hey, I-I'm gonna need some help getting in the log, fellas.  Boy, isn't this great fellas? Are we great pals or what? Oh boy! Oh thank God!    Hey fellas. I was just in the neighborhood and I thought I'd stop by to s-gif- gift basket. There's some chocolates and lih-liquorice, and some games and peh- pencils inside. Yeah well, I guess I'll be seeing you, you friends later.  Oh puh please. Oh, Oh God... please.  
That video could have been made by Sauron's evil f-...forces. Well, where is the videotape rented from? You guys, this is stupid. Hey fellas, mind if we take a little re-rest? They are coming.  You guys go on ahead. Go!  They're taking it to the vi... the vi... the vii... They took it back to the video s... the video s... No, the video suh... the video s...tih... N-n-no, you retards! The video s...tore! 
Well, I did Ecstasy once.  In her... va-vagina.  Thank you, thank you. What a terrific audience. 
Wow, what a terrific audience. Thank you for giving me this great honor, Mayor. B-before I l, l.. light the tree, I was wondering if I could sing... my favorite ...Christmas song, real quick. Alright, h-here it goes. ''On the first day of C-...c...c.. chrih.. stmas my tr... t-tru-true love g-geh... g-g-geh... gave... to... m..m-m-m...m-mm-m-m... me... a pa... a pa... pah...'' ''...and a par-tridge in a... p...pear t...t...tree. On the third day of C...Chrihhh...Chriiii...'' ''...and a par-tridge in a... p...pear tree. On the ...fourth day of C...C...Ca...Chriiiistmas my t-true love g-ge-gave to me-mee...'' ''On the fifth... day... day of... Christmas,''  ''Fuhgom... don... t-t... don... four cal...ling buh-irr...'' ''Six geese are laying... fu...five go-oldenh ...uhrings. Fodom... dom... du...du...t...du... Four calling biiirds...'' ''On the s...seventh day of Christmas my t...true love...'' ''On the el- el- el- eleventh day of C- Christmas my t...true love gave to me, e-eleven p-p-pipers p-pu-p-piping...'' ''Eight... maids are... milking...'' ''And a p-p-par-tridge in a p-peeeaaar treeee.''  
Butters, w-where is everybody? Christopher Reeve? Christopher Reeve?! I know who he is! But why is everyone ditching my comedy show to see ''him''?! So then, how come ''you'' came? Say, fellas! Thanks a lot for goin' to my ...c-comedy show!  I know that, I was being f-f-f-fa...cetious!  Ooh, Christopher Reeve! Whoop-de-freakin-do! I put together a comedy show and I was crippled from BIRTH!   Can you believe this asswipe, Timmy? Why is a celebrity who became crippled more important than us that were born that way, very much. Hey there fellas. Say, would you guys like to join our club? Oh, I'm sorry. You can't. You aren't crippled.  To be in our club, not only do you have to be c-c-crippled, but you have to have been ''born'' that way. Do you know what that means? No butthole Superman asswipe Christopher Reeve! Sorry, able-bodied, you can't join.  Hello, Mr. McGillicuuhuhuhh... Mr. McGillicuddy.   Why not?  ...There's already a Crips?! No, we never have. Are they crippled from birth or are they cripple wannabes like Christopher Reeve? Can you believe it, Timmy? All this time there was a group for truly crippled people like ourselves, and we didn't know it. Come on. We have to take the bus to Five Points in Denver. Excuse me, sir.  we're looking for a group of people called the Crips. Do you know where they meet? We've already tried the rec center and the library.  Oh, it's okay. We're Crips ourselves. Come on, Tim-Tim. Well hello everyone.  I'm Jim Swanson, and this is my friend Timmy.  Well, let us tell you a little bit about ourselves. Timmy and I are both true Crips, born and raised. We're the only Crips in South Park, where we live, and we would love to join your fa-fa-fantastic Denver chapter. We just have one question before we join your c-club. Do you think it's better to be ''born'' a Crip, or to become a Crip later by accident? I agree. I mean, it's like  "come on"! Why do these people who become crippled later in life think they're such great pot-potatuhs? Well, we're glad you see it our way, fellas. So can we join your g... group? Well, sure. Tim and I would love to pop some punk-ass Bloods. We're terrific at it.  I don't know, Timmy, just play along. Down like a clown, Charlie Br... Down like a clown, Charlie B-broooowww... Down like a clown, Charlie Browh... Bro-uh-own. Down like a clown, Charlie Br-Brown.  Say Timmy, did you notice that all the crippled people in that club are negros? That's an amm-mmazing coincidence. I mean, there's not one crippled colored person in South Park.   Well hello, officers. We're goin' to pop some punk-ass Bloods.  Let's buy them ginger ale and marshmallows. Then they'll let us in the club for sure. Suh, suh, suh, suh, Sssunday driver! So does that mean we can join the c-c...club? Wow, these guys really are crippled.  Timmy, I have a feeling that this is the start of something b-b-b-b...b-b-brilliant. Thanks for the ride home, fellas. We sure had a ...terrific time. You dawgs keep it real, too.  Well, that sure was a terrific time. Let's go all around tomorrow and show everyone our new outfits, Timmy. Whatup, Mazie? Ye-yo, Pops? No need to worry about me. I'm cool like a fool in a swimming ppp-ppp-pp-pp-pool.  Hello. We'd like two orders of Kung... Pao Chicken, please. What's that? Oh, and one medium lemonade, please.  Huh? Ah- are you sure?  Look Tim-Tim, we got a cash prize. We must be the ...one hundredth customer or something. Actually, it was a regular lemonade. Gee, thanks a lot. See you next time.  Yo, Mamsie. What's up, Pops? A what? Oh, you mean the fellas. Well sure. But I can't talk about the club on account of its sssuper secret, dawg. Why you be trippin', Mom? I mean  come on. I'm finally a part of something, very much. Yo, don't be dissing my n***as, dawg. They're my f-friends.  Nobody cared about my standup comedy! All that hard work just to be outshined by C-Christopher Reeve the super b-butthole! Right. Because you and Mom used to make fun of crippled kids in high school. Look! My gang, which I can't talk about because it's super secret, is the most important thing to me now! And if you two don't like it, you can just pass the blunt to the n***a on your left.  Sixty-five... bottles of... beer on the wall. Six-   Any word on who shot up me and Timmy's houses, officer? The... B-Bloods? The-they do?? But... but why do they hate each other? Oh, so you used sssytemm cells like Christopher Reeve?  Oh boy, Timmy, we should have never started a gang for people crippled from birth. Now they're at war with the people who are crippled from an accident. Boy were we wrong. Wow, w-we've got to do something, Timmy. We've gotta get the Crips and Bloods to s-stop fighting. I bet if we could just get them together... but how? Wu-wait a minute! I've got it! A lock-in at the rec center! We did it for our church once. All we do is rent out the rec center overnight. They lock the doors so nobody can leave, and then everyone has the whole night to play in the swimming pool and laugh and talk. You get all the Crips you can to the rec center tomorrow night, Timmy. And I'll try to get all the ...Bloods there. This is gonna be t-terrific! Come on in, everybody. Lots of su-surprises and t-treats inside.  Great to see you all. What a terrific audience. We sure do. Thanks, Mr. Apple...b-by. You bet.  Oh, we will.  It's called a lock-in at the rec center. We can use all the rec center facilities. We can play basketball, go swimming, or even just kick it in the lounge area with some games and ...p-puzzles. But nobody can leave until it's seven a.m., so if you wanna have a good time, you're all just gonna have to learn to get along.  Theeerrre's pizzaaa. Hold it! Don't you see? It doesn't matter if we were crippled from birth, or crippled in an accident. We're all brothers. Look, we have the whole rec room to ourselves. Can't we all just try having some fun together? Why don't we at least give it a chance? I mean,  I said, "I mean,  Come on!"  Come on. Come on. I told you, lock-ins at the rec center always work. And you know, I've learned something, too. I was player-hatin' Christopher Butthole Reeve because he got more attention than me. But just like... y-you guys, I need to learn to control my a... anger. I guess we all learned that trying to get along is way better than p... player hatin'.  The gang wrote a song about it. Why don't we listen in? 
Well, sure, Eric. W-w-what seems to be the p-p-p-problem? Well, the best thing is not to act nice, Eric. Uh, the best thing is to be genuinely nice. Well, Eric, pah part of being nice is just making people smile and laugh. The best way to do that is by telling a fan-tastic joke or a humorous anti-d- ant'duhh ...anecdote. Well, like, try this one on for size: Knock knock. Ing-mar ...Bergman.  
Hey Stan. For- Forw- Forw-w-w what? She's what? ...Okay.  Stan says you're a cont...  you're a- cont- S-Stan says you're a cont- cont- -cont- You're a cont-tinuing source of inspiration to him.  She just- w-walked away, Stan. You're gonna have to face facts. It's over.  Should I try telling him a fa-fantastic joke? Jesus Christ, I think I've died and... gone to... heaven. Well, Stan. Do you feel, uhb- better now? 
From the n-n- from the nn-, from the nn- Wha, what, what's the m-matter, f-fellas? Are you ... nnnninjas or p-p-p-pussies? Bu- bu- bu- bu- bu- bu- bu- bu- Butters! 
Hey fellas.  Say fellas, Jimmy and I were wondering if maybe you would come and cheer for us next S-S-Saturday. We're both competing in the Special Olympics down in Denver.  Timmy and I are competing in a variety of events. Thanks a lot, fellas. Well, we gotta get down to the training center and start working out. Word is we have a lot of sssstiff competition this year. S-s-six! S-s-s-ssseven! S-s-seven!  All of the special athletes seem to be in tip-top condition, and I can't even get past seven reps. Oh well, that's it for me, Timmy. I'm p-p-p-pooped. I'll see you in the locker room.  Oh he-hey, N-Nathan.  Yeah, it sure is tough. I'm training ''really'' hard, but I'm not improving fast enough, and the Special Olympics are a... week away. What kind of shortcuts? S-s-ss-s-s-steroids?  ...But aren't those illegal? So uh, ha-how do they... w-w-work? How much would this cost me?  Well... then maybe I'll just use them a-al-little bit. You know, as a performance. Oh! Agh! Ju-just a second!    N-no, Dad. Oh. Hi, N-N-Nancy. Oh. Sure thing. Come on in. Yeah, Dad. We've been going out since we met in Free Period last week. Dad, Jesus C-Christ! You did a great job in the 500, Timmy. You're really im-p-p-proving. I think I really got a shot at the gold in the swimming competition. Coach says I'm the fastest he's ever seen. Well, I'll see you nice and early for p-practice, Tim-Tim. Oh, uh, can you hand me my bag? Oh, uh, so... hey, Timmy... uh hu-how about we go out for a s-s-soda later?  I'll uh, I-I'll see you later, Tim-Tim.  Look it's really none of your b-b-b-beeswax, Timmy! Because I, maybe I don't have what it takes to win with-without them! You you aren't gonna... tell anybody, are you? Look, it's my b-body and it's my choice what I put in it! Don't lecture me on the complexities of sportsmanship. You know as well as I do most of the kids in Special Olympics aren't shooting up to compete. I'm just trying to k-keep up.  Fuck! Grrrr! Yeah, I've been working out... r-really hard.  Come on, push it! Push it!   The Games are in two days, Nancy. I can't be w-wasting my time.  Oh Jesus!  P-push it! Push it! They-they're all just... jealous.  You're not leaving me! You try to leave me and I'll kill you, bitch!    Top athlete, yeah! Yeeessss!  Yes! Yes!  Yeah! Yeah!   Hey! Just what the hell do you think you're doing, Eric?! You f-f f-faked being handicapped to win?!  I should kick your ass right here, you lousy no-good ch-ch-cheater! What?  Everyone, can I have your attention, please?   Because you're taking all the fairness out of the game. But I know now that even if you do win on steroids, you're really not a winner. You're just a p-pussy. You're just a  
That's a... fantastic idea fellas. Uh, the key to successful humor is s-staying power. Uh, tell me the first mascot idea. Heh, huh okay, that's pretty funny. Now, what's the second? Turhr... Ohokahay. Okay, now let's wait ten seconds.  Okay now, t-tell me the first one again?  And the second?  All right, now we'll see which one ''really'' has staying power. Number one?  Okay, I think, that's it. Number 2?  Gee, I don't know what to say, fellas. They're both instant classics. But I guess I'll have to go with giant douche, simply because the fact that it's a giant renders it useless, adding a parody slant to the satire. 
 Hello, Mrs. M-marsh. Can I help g- Can I help you get a sh- shopping cart today? 
Welcome to S-super School News. I'm Jimmy Valmer. The price of milk money will go up next Monday to 49 cents. The school claims the added money is due to the cow shortage in South Park County. More snow for South P... P-P-Park. Here's Tolkien Black with the weather. And that's all for Super School News. Enjoy your day at South Park Eh-Eh-Eh-Eh-  El-Elementary.'' For God's sake,why Mr. M-M-Meryl?!  But, Mr. Meryl, we're trying to bring the news to the students. They need to know the facts, and our news team delivers them, very much. Fellas, are you sure all of this is eh-ethical? The Park County School Board has approved a bigger budget for the computer lab up-  This isn't the news, this is a tr-tr-tr-tr-travesty.  But this is real news! How do you know?! You you haven't s-seen it yet! Well, in the interview, Mr. Cheney tells me all about how the- Look, fellas, I've got a real problem with the direction our news show is going! We're dumbing down the school! This isn't the news! This a b-b-bastardized quest for ratings! Damnit, we have a journalistic responsibility to bring students the fa... the facts!  Fellas! Don't you see? This proves my point. We have to elevate our ideas up, not down. Wow, coming up with ideas is... hard. B-b-bingo! Wha-what do you think, fellas?  I think maybe he's f-feeling it. Fellas, this is our chance! Everyone get your hair looking as fantastic as possible. It's time for us to do the most incredible investigative news report of our journalistic lives! P- Principal Victoria, can you explain how your administration fai-failed to see this p-p-pro-o-o... p-p-problem. I wonder... oo-oo.. w-why? Yep, b-b-b-bail.  
Yeah. Let's face it, we're winners. 
Hey fellas, w-where is Cartman?  Yeah. S-see ya, Eric.  
Uh no, that-that's okay, Mr. Mackey. Uhhh, just uh ahh not right this second, Mr. Mackey. Uh...  Hey fellas. Oh I sure have. I've been working on my ruh... ruh... routine all year long. Well fellas, entertainment is my life. I love being in front of everyone.  Aaah! I gotta guh, I gotta go! See ya fellas.  Yeah. Yeah, I'm real excited. REAL excited... for some reason... Oh, Jesus! What's wrong with me? Fine, Mom.  What? Uh who told you that? Aw J-j-j-j...j-Jesus! Dz-n-Doctor Pal? Uh, sure? Well, a little, yes. But I have to make it stop! The talent show is this F-Friday. Ke...c-come again? N-no, I do NOT want to take off my shirt and kiss! Wow, what a what a great audience. So apparently Martha Stewart is out of jail. Have you have you heard about this, have you seen this? She's very excited to get started on her new show, "Martha Stewart Living, with an electronic ankle bracelet."  What a fantastic audience. Nuh uh! Wuh. Huh. Waaagh! Ungh!  Butters! Butters, ah I really need to talk to somebody, and I think maybe you're the only person who won't make f-f-fun of me. Butters, do you know what you're supposed to do when your penis gets hard? Really?? So, when your penis becomes hard, you're supposed to put it in a lady's vagina. And then it stops being hard? But where am I going to find a lady to stick my penis in? The talent show is this Friday. Hey Bertha. Well Bertha, I was wondering if I could stick my penis in your vagina? But the talent show is tomorrow!  Ooo! I'm trying to get laid. What's it look like? Wow, seems like you know a lot about this stuff, Eric. Have you gotten laid before? Well, wha-what do I do? Eric, I can't tell you why, but it's ''very'' important that I score to-night! Can you come on the date and help me? You're like a white... Hitch. Wow! Thanks, Eric. Hey Shauna. Wow, Shauna, you look f-fantastic. We're going to an authentic Italian restaurant, Buca de Fagghecini Uh, I think we're gonna try your authentic pizzareli casserona poppers. Wow, that is very interesting. Please tell me more. Wow, I've never thought of it that way before, but you're right. "If you're gonna be that way, I don't need to be your friend." Wow, how insightful. Really? Oh, I'm so glad you think so, Shauna, because I really wanna stick my penis in your vagina. But the talent show is tomorrow night!  Oh... Hi, Officer B b-b-buh b-b-buh b-Barbrady. I'm... not gonna perform in the talent show.  I just c-can't risk getting up in front of everyone. All right! I I keep getting an erection for no reason! Okay! But I can't get any of the girls here to let me... do it to them. Then why does God make it so that my penis gets hard if girls don't wanna have it in their vaginas? It's like a cruel joke. ...Colfax Point? Really? M-maybe I can catch the bus ...and get down there before the talent show ends. Th-thanks, Officer Barbrady!   Excuse me, ma'am. What's your name? Well, Nut Gobbler, I need to get laid. I have a raging hard-on that just won't quit, and the talent show has already started. No. Actually, I'm a stand-up comic. Sure do. Sure. I know the p-perfect place.  Hey, can it, jackass! I don't want her to know I was just here with a different girl. This is authentic Italian food straight from S-Sicily. You should try the Lotsa Mozzarella Pizza Roll. Oh, uh, wow, that is very interesting. Please tell me more. Wow. You know, I've never thought of it that way before, but you're right. If you're pissing blood, you can shove a tampon up your peehole. You are very insightful. Please tell me more. Well of course I wanna get laid. That's why I'm taking you to this ...fancy place and pretending to be interested in what you have to say. What? Fo-for real? Well jumpin' Jesus, what are we wasting our time here for then? The talent show is happening right now! Let's get to r-r-rammin'!  I beg to differ with you, sir. I paid for her and took her out to dinner. She's ''my'' ho! Yes, I do have a problem, as a matter of fact! I've spent all my money on this ho, and she's now my only shot at getting laid, and the talent show is only a couple of hours from being over. Sir, sir, that is ''my'' ho!  Sir, sir! Son of a ...b-bitch!  Sir! I paid for that lady, and by taking her, you are no better than a common th-thief! Nut Gobbler, grab onto my crutch!  I got you, Nut Gobbler!  Come on, ho!  Eugh! Stay on him! I'm not giving up!   How much do I owe you?  C-can I just get two back, please? Thank you.    I'm sorry I resorted to calling you jackass just now, but I'm very upset! What do I have? The weapon of comedy. So apparently the Chinese and the Japanese aren't getting along lately. Have you seen this? Have you heard about this? I'll tell you one thing: their food hasn't been getting along with my stomach for years. Martha Stewart is out of jail. Have you seen this? Have you heard about this? She's apparently gotten real good with baking cakes with keys in them.  Nice teamwork, Nut Gobbler. Not really. You're just a hooker, and I need to get laid. The talent show could be over any minute. Hold everything!  Mrs. Garrison, if you don't mind, I'll be taking that microphone.. Wow, what a terrific audience. So apparently it's been exactly two years since the fall of Baghdad. Have you seen this? Have you heard about this? Just as B-Bush predicted, Baghdad fell, Iraq fell, Saddam fell. The only thing that didn't fall was ...the price of gas.  You've gotta be kidding me. 
Yeah. Go on, beat it, re... rr-retard!  Yeah, beat it, j... jackass.  
 The Ch-Chinese will take someone to space for t-t-ten million dollars. Yeah. We told them that, a-and they told us to go f-fruck ourselves. 
Who is your best friend? What's my last name? 
We can really stick it to that assm-m-muncher! So what's the p-plan? All right, Eric. You can c-c-count on us. Kenny's down. K-k-kenny is down.  
Who would take a d-dump in a urinal? It's such a s-senseless crime. 
Hey fellas.  You should come downstairs. Stan's mom made pa-pizza. Du... du... dude. 
Ur ur re- ur really? I have no problem taking the test. I have nothing to hi-huhiii-hide Yeah! We're gonna fu-fu-fuck him up!  
Yeah. I feel pretty good about it. I finished my whole book report ''and'', I got a really nice letter from my ese who works down at the U-Haul.  
Fuh, fuck me, it's a leprechaun. Hey Kyle. So, ...how was it? Sucking Cartman's b-balls. 
Oh my sweet J-Jesus! 
The Italian meatballs are fa-fantastic. 
Yeah.  
We can't help him now. And what about you, Stan? We were all in the theater that day. We all... saw it happen. I thought I could go on like before. But after seeing Indiana get raped... After seeing Indiana get raped I know I'll never be the sa-a-ame, the same? The same.  It didn't make any sense, Stan.  Stan! Sooner or later, we all have to face what we fe-fe-fehh fehsow. ...You didn't see the new Indiana Jones movie? Do you think things can ever go back to n-n-n, n-no, normal after this? 
Can't go too easy on her though. God forbid she actually gets in a good good punch and... beats ya. I'll bet she is! As soon as the bell rings, we've gotta get out there and find a good place to watch the fi-fufu-fight.  Before school starts. Everyone's gonna get there early. Wendy said she'd be here an hour before school starts. See you in the morning, ch-ch-ch-champ!  I always knew deep down that Wendy didn't have any ba-ba-balls. Yeah, nothing's changed. Our opinion of you can't possible go any lower. 
Yeah. Where the hell have you guys ...been? Do you feel like maybe you're l-l-losin' her, S-Stan? M-Maybe you should just talk to her. You know, a little conversation. Tell her... what you feel.<poem><i>Sometimes you feel like there's a b-burnin' inside you, like a-</i></poem> All righty then. There you go. Feel better, p-pal?  <poem><i>School again.</i></poem> 
Well, so, w-who is she? Well, Kenny deserves to know, fellas. If you guys found out my girlfriend was a raging whore, I'd want you to t-tell me. 
Hey, what's the matter, Kyle? You seem b-b-bu-bbbummed out. Kyle please! For fu-fu for for-fu-fuck's sake, don't do anything drastic. 
We're finally gonna learn the shocking truth of who Phillip f-farted on. 
Oh, hey Eric. I was just trying to write some new jokes for my comedy  ...rou-routine. Sorry Eric, but I really need to work, very much. I haven't written a good joke in over a week. Oh, well, sure. I've never really tried working with a partner, but let's give it a sho- a sh- a-sh, a-sh, shotaroosky. Let's see... I was workin' on this: Why does a squirrel swim on its back? To keep his -nuts dry. Ahb. A fireman and a p-p-Polack are eating marshmallows when- ...So the Pope says, "What are you, a stinking e-evolutionist?" Wow, thanks Mom.  You might have saved my life. You can check the freezer. There might be some frozen fishsticks or somethin', if you like fishsticks.  Wait a minute. Fishsticks... Fish. Dicks.  Alright, just run with me on this, Eric. Say Eric, do you like fishsticks? You like putting fishsticks in your mouth? Well what are you, Eric? A gay fish? Yeah yeah, let's do it to Clyde. P-patent? Well, Eric, th-that's really not how jokes work. I mean, you know, we should just be... happy that the joke is so popular and made a lot of people laugh. Well, he didn't actually... write any of it. He just uh... Actually it was potato chips. W-well, I-I mean he, he was in the room. Really? Aahhm, I don't know, Eric. I really don't think I want to sign that very much. Well, to be perfectly f-f-f-frank, Eric, I think I came up with a little bit more of the joke than you did. Well, you know, I mean, I basically wrote the thing, and you just kind of ate chips. Sorry Eric, but I've gotta write some jokes. Unless you wanna team up or somethin'. Wow, thanks Eric. Is that... Is that how it happened? I'm... I'm sorry? Oh hey Eric. Just workin' on some jokes. Hey, that'd be great! I've always wanted to work with you. You're really funny and you're totally not fat. Hey, you're really onto something there. Right. And then I say, "Yeah." Oh wow, this is incredible!  It was just a- Well Ellen, the tr- tr- tr- Yes Ma'am.  It's always been my dream to go on a national TV show and talk about the c-c-craft of comedy. Eric, there's something I really need to know. How do you live with yourself? You know you had nothing to do with the fishsticks joke.  But you just keep pretending. How do you look at yourself in the f-f-fucking mirror?! That's what I want to know! How do you take credit for something you didn't do?! Please, I wasn't starting rumors about you. I don't even know who you are. Well, we, we were just talking about ideas for jokes and then- Well I just but I buh I was, gonna ebeh- Oh boy! It's my best pal, Eric! I'm trying to write jokes. But I'm not as funny as you, so it's tough. Ruh really? Wow, you would help me even though I'm crippled. You are caring and not fat.  What was that?  Wow Eric, in-credible! Too bad I'm a dick and I'm gonna take all the credit. Su-su-suck it, bitch! What?! Jesus Eric, he's gonna kill you! You won't even admit it was just me, knowing you're gonna die? Rih, r-r-really? Thanks, Eric, for being so understanding. 
Go ahead, Bu-Butters. Go- go get some. You're a man now! All right Butters good job! 
Sounds good. So is that when I t- tell you that your girlfriend is a whore? I am gonna k-kick your ass! Your girlfriend is a whore!  Oh, I'm sorry. You have to forfeit the fight, Rad Russian! You cannot fight until your test results come ba-back! What are you doing here, El, El Pollo Loco? Oowow, it's really him. Aha! I thought I would find you here, ''Triceratops''! Lies! These are all a bunch of lies!  Now you listen here, El, Pollo Loco! It doesn't matter if your wife was killed, you cannot keep Irene's aborted baby! Face it: Stan's crappy singing is what sssunk us! You can s-, you can suck, suck my balls! 
I have had it with those loud, annoying, f-f-f f-faggots. Okay good, yeah. 
W-What are you talking about, Eric? To be perfectly frank, I peed in the pool about tu-tu-twenty five seconds ago. W-What's that?  You've gotta swim over here, Kyle. Okay. W-where's the maintenance room? Well it's probably bu-better if you don't think about it, Kyle. 
Oh boy, Timmy, it's our favorite time of year. We get to see all our old friends again. Hey, there's Francis. Hey Francis! Alright blue team. As team captain, I need to make sure we are ready for the big camp competition. All right! Everyone together! Are we gonna beat Red Team this year? You too, Ne-n-Nathan. Gonna catch a wave...  Oh boy, here it comes! Here it comes!  <poem><i>It's a snap at Tardicaca Camp to learn to do the hula hula dance<br />I fell in love with a Tardicaca dove while doin' that funny funny dance.<br />And that poor little kid, why she never did know what love had in store.<br />So I made up my mind-</i></poem> ''So I made up my mind that I've just got to find the Tardicaca girl I did adore.'' <poem><i>Hurr a little Tardicaca...</i></poem> <poem><i>She's a candy cane to wiggle</i></poem> <poem><i>She's sure to make you g-giggle.</i></poem> <poem><i>With her naughty little wiggle. I know someday</i></poem> <poem><i>Out on the beach with my cute little peach where the waves are rolling in so high<br />Holding her hand, our feet on the sand-</i></poem> ''If you get in a pinch, go through, it's a cinch-'' Sorry Mims, I I just can't remember it. Alright Mimsy, m-maybe you can show me how it's done.  Nathan, your team put up an amazing fight. And even though I was crowned the King of Cripple Camp, I want you to know that you were the real ch-cha, champ. 
Eh, b-base. 
Yeah. It's not a bad idea. If all the students unite, we can work together to fight the f-f-fit. All we need is some good old-fashioned di... di... di... diplomacy. Hello sir, we are here on behalf of all fourth graders at South Park Elementary. Well, sir, we believe that the 1% should be dropped from the fitness results, so that our scores can be more accurate. ...Excuse me, can you use a different terminology please? All you're doing is making the other 99% more angry. I warn you: this could turn very ugly. Now hold on a second, fellas. If you're the 83%, then our class is only 17%. But if he's 1% of 17%, then he's .17%. 
A...a...a...a sue-ance? Wow, that's weird. Jeez, it's not working. What's happening now? 
Yeh. Let's go bi- pick on him! Yeh!  
I-I don't see a b-b-Bat-Mobile. 
Wop. Wop, Wop wop, Wopwop Gangnam Style.  
 This is an outrage! Who out there is saying that our friend Stan is a liar? 
Yeah, I love when Morgan Freeman explains stuff. He said "at Ruh ruh rruh ruh Reh Red" Ruh Rehh... Red Heheh, I get it. General Tso's chih-chih-chicken. Just old junk, and boxes of Eric's mom's d-dildos There's nothing here, Kyle. Not even one s-s-scooby clue. 
There he is. Hey Kyle!  The parental lock isn't working. Our parents are still watching murder porn. 
Uh, I'm just gettin' ready for cla- 
M ma um m-me too. Eh but I want a PS4, not a crappy XBox. Yeah! You know that the PS4 is a better choice. I mean, come on. Ya yo you can't, you can't do that. Come on, Sir Stan. There must be kids somewhere who will join us.  C-C-Cartman's army is getting bigger every day. In addition to the Federation and the kindergartners, the XBox army now also has the kids who play Harry Potter, the jocks, the swim team, and the glee club. Uh besides us, it's the book club and Janice Pinkerton. Look, Sir Stan, it's probably time to give this up. 
It's the enemy! Defensive po-po-p-po-p-positions!  
That's right. Red Robin has doors on the inside that go right out into the mall. Yeah that's that's that's pretty nice.  
 Hey, Stan, did you see Clyde's going out with Lisa B-b-Berger? Yeah. I wouldn't mind t-tah-t-tappin' that ass. Well, y-you gotta admit, Lisa Berger is pretty hot, Wendy. That's not very nice, Wendy. Wow! Wow! She looks great! 
I thought you guys said you didn't need school. Yeah well, no one's laughing, Kyle.  No food at a party? And I thought I was handicapped!  Yeah, she isn't as hot in person. 
Hey, Craig, have you checked out the Internet lately?  Ohhhh nothin'. It's just that... y-you might wanna invest in some hedge clippers.  Ohhhh nothin'. You just might wanna... hire Tarzan to do some... landscaping work for your mom.  
Oh! Hey, Kyle!  Not much. I just wanted to make sure you heard the fuh-fantastic news. There's a new Terrance & Phillip mobile game, and it's so amazing and incredibly fun. Yeah! And the most unbelievable part? It's totally free. You should download it to your phone right now. I mean, come. On. If it's free, why wouldn't you? You betcha, pal.  Pssst. Hey, kid. Come over here.  Yeah, come on over. Ch-check this out. You looking to have some fun? The Terrance & Phillip mobile game.  All the cool kids are usin' it. Come, on, just try it out. You can be Terrance or Phillip or both. You can walk around and collect Canada cash to build new stuff.  Why sure fellas.  Anyway, be sure to check it out, kid. Just hangin' out. What are you up to? I just think it's a fabulous app, that's all.  Alright, alright! I never played it. I stay away from the stuff. They pay me to! Is it my responsibility what people decide to do with their feh-f-free time? I was just a middleman.  People were going to learn about the game somewhere if not from me. I'm not the one who made it. How do you get people addicted to crack? You give it away for free. You give away a little taste and then... and then some people... can't stop themselves. I needed the money, alright?!  I downloaded Yum Yum Sparkly Gem Forest because it was free. I love the sparkly little gems. The sounds they made when I got new ones. Then I made my first in-app purchase. Before I knew it I had spent my allowance, then my birthday money, I LOST my CRUTCHES! It's a figure of speech with crippled people. We'd say we lost an arm and a leg, but they ain't worth much.  Why do you think freemium games send you those text notifications when you haven't played in a while? It's called a trigger. A quick image to trigger the addict's brain. They know exactly what they're doing. Fellas, can I have a moment with Stan, please? This is my fault, Stan. I should have never told you the game was fuh fufuh fan-fantastic. I know this stuff is hard to understand. Trust me, I know. I'm an addict too. But I got help. What all the addiction programs say is true. You've gotta reach out to a higher power, Stan. You've gotta get down on your knees, and you've gotta say "I have a problem." And you've gotta ask that higher power for help.  
Fantastic girls' volleyball joke, Stan. 
Yeah, what is this yaoi thing all about? I am so c-c-c-confused. 
Well Dad, I just re-really like being a part of something. I feel like it's character-building and it's lots of fun. What do we believe in? We believe in something greater than ourselves, and that by following our strict warrior code we believe that our faiths and our traditions are a way to a greater path - the p-p-p-path of the warrior. And as long as we stay united in honor we can defeat all our enemies.  Wow, the fellas were right. People are really freaked out by ninjas. 
It's Jimmy, actually. My name is Jimmy, PC Principal. Says who? That was an op-ed piece in the paper written by a first grader who found the school lunch policy to be ridiculous, and he thought "r-retarded" to be the best word to describe it. As the editor of the paper, I didn't think it was right to censor the words the student used. No. You're new here, so you don't understand how seriously I take my job as editor of the school paper. I don't allow ads, and I don't allow anything that might t-t-t-taint the truth behind what people are thinking. i don't want people to be afraid of words if it stops them from having a dialog. Why? Are you uncomfortable around people with disabilities? That's okay. Lot's of people are. I can't hand out the school paper in school? Yep, got it. Don't forget to read the school paper! Now delivered directly to your door.   I'm not confused at all, actually, PC Principal. I'm pretty sure that you're the one, but go ahead. Are you serious right now? Do you want to ask him what he means by that, or are you just pandering because you're uncomfortable around disabled people? Hey Nathan, hold up. What were you doing in there? Come on Nathan, you and I both know you use the word "retarded" 400 times a day. What are you talking about? Nice to meet you, Brad. Where do you guys-? That's right. What is this for? Sorry Charlie, but I don't allow ads in my newspaper. That's called "sponsored content." I know the difference between the news and ads. Do you think I'm stupid? Sth-sth-sth, stick it up your ass! Yes. Officer Barbrady? Does this have to do with me calling the school principal a pussy crusher? You mean ISIS or ninjas? I'd say that sounds pretty retarded. Sponsored content? That's the news.  That's the news. That's an ad. That's an ad. That's the new-oh no, that's an ad for act food. My bad.  I prefer "handicapped," actually. Yes. Uh, I'm Jimmy. Editor In Chief of Super School News.  N, nice to finally talk to you. Yes, they did. Do you know who "they" are? I thought I recognized them. I prefer "handicapped." Uh yes, Leslie, I like our school very much. Uh huh. I'm starting to wonder something about you, Leslie. Holy. Shit. Can you excuse me for a moment?  Does she know she's an ad? Does she know she's an ad?! 
For years, mankind has tried to rid the world of ads. For our ancestors, ads couldn't be avoided. But everyone knew what was an ad, and what wasn't. After many years, mankind invented cable. A way to p-pay for television so there would be no ads. But somehow, the ads still found a way. And so mankind invented TiVo. A way to skip past commercials. Finally, it appeared to be the end of ads. And everywhere, people rejoiced. The ads were stopped. Or so it seemed. With the rise of the Internet, suddenly the ads got an en- tirely new way to attack us. Popups. The top scientific minds were brought together to find a way to stop the ads, once and for all. They invented the ad blocker. Suddenly there were no ads on phones, on computers. And everywhere, people rejoiced. The ads adapted. They became s-smarter. They disguised themselves as news. All around the world people read news stories completely unaware that they were reading ads . And now, the ads have taken the next step in their evolution. They have taken human form. Ads are among us. They could be your friend, your g-gardener. The ads are trying to wipe us out. But the question is... how?  It's just my luck. I talk to a nice girl, seem to hit it off, and she turns out to just be an ad. This is such a fantastic story for the school newspaper. Why don't we just run it so that everyone knows the truth? So you don't know anything about the principal that might be newsworthy? Super School News worthy?  Leslie, what kind of... plans do you have? Do you have any... plans? Just, you know, plans. Like what are you hoping tooo... accomplish?  Well, I want to pursue careers in both news reporting and comedy. Yeah, you're pretty different yourself, Leslie. I'm starting to think that maybe all ads aren't so bad. I am not thinking with my dick. No, I just think that she's a- She's ag- emotional Interesting, caring girl. Okay Leslie, let's try a different approach. Let's say you wanted tooo... destroy the entire species. How would you go about it? And what is the new principal trying to do, Leslie? What? Leslie, come on. Yeah I'm gonna help you. I mean, come on. PC Principal is our enemy, not her. It is not my dick. I am thinking rationally and with logic. I am taking her out of here! Officer Barbrady, we have to stop PC Principal before it's too late. Burning the midnight oil, huh Nathan? You sonofabitch. What have you done to the Super School News? Writing headlines sponsored by PC Principal and the ads? How much did they pay you?! Everyone's gonna know the truth, Nathan. We're getting a new edition of the school paper out by morning. Everyone's gonna know all about the ads.  Leslie... I thought we were b-b-b-besties. 
What happened to you, Nathan? I always thought you were a nice kid. Now you've got a gun? Yeah? Well guns are never the answer. Oh. I guess it would have been a decent answer then. Tou-t-t-t... touché. Nice to meet you, Classi. Oh great. So now ads are using PC for their own gain? That's a new low. I know I've said it before, but man, do I hate ads. I've got to get to the Super School News. Hey, Classi, you think you can get me my crutches? You seem like a reasonable person. Do you really wanna live in a world controlled by ads? I mean, come on, Classi. Sorry, my bad. Look, I'm a news reporter, Claaassi, and in a world where ads control the news, there's no way to be sure anyone is ever hearing the truth. What is that? Tragedy at gun show? What happened at the gun show? Classi! Thank you. I need your phone to call Officer Barbrady. And we have to get to that gun show, fast!  Kyle, I know you probably thought Leslie was a kind, caring girl. But the truth is she's just an ad. 
What do you mean? 
Hey. W-we all just have to stay cool, okay? 
At least he's not a zzzzitty-faced ggirl. 
Wuh-Wuh-Waddle back to Syria you desert-tard.  
W-we'll see you later, man. G-g'm, good luck.  
Uh oh, trouble in paradise? 
Does anyone know what Columbus actually did? Eric, just l-let it go. 
 When I was born, my parents knew I was different.  As I got older, my powers only increased.  What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.   Well, besides being super f-f-fa-fast, I also have a good attitude, and flexibility with my schedule on weekends. Come on, fellas. Wu-we can't let Butters win. W-we believe in each other, don't we?  Who cares what everyone else thinks? I joined this franchise because I believe that it can make a lot of money. And being a superhero means you keep believing in that money, no matter how hard things get! Yeah? Nothing illegal about us kicking your ah...ass either. Who the ss-Sam Hell is th-that? What's the matter? Too f-fast for ya? Wha- Why, Mark Zuckerberg?? Do I get my own movie? 
Yeah, it was terrifying. She had a broom and a cackle and everything. 
Pissed off at your girlfriend again, huh Eric? 
All right, good, Timmy. Test 42a is successful. Let's move on to the next phase.  Oh hey fellas, we're doing great. Oh, it's fantastic. This year, Tim-Tim and I are doin' our project on  water bears. Oh, would you like to see them? Timmy and I have gathered thousands of water bears. Take a look in the microscope.  Water bears are water-dwelling, eight-legged micro-animals. They're one of nature's most resilient animals.  Studies have shown they can survive lava, and even the vacuum of space. Where all good scientists learn from. Octonauts. Some scientists believe the study of water bears is key to human survival. Oh, that's easy. You see, for the past several weeks, Tim-Tim and me have been training the water bears to respond to different sound waves. We found that they respond best to Taylor Swift. Hit it, Timmy.  Nathan, it's amazing. The water bears we've trained are starting to display social advancements. They've actually evolved to the point of doing the hokey pokey. Wow, look at this, Tim-Tim. They've all been researching water bears too. That's right. The water bears we've been working with appear to be evolving somehow. Francis, can you hand me the sound wave generator?  Wha-what do you mean, Nathan? Yuh you're not the government? But you said you were here to help stop us from becoming extinct. Oh, I get it. You've been experimenting with water bears to see how to make humans more impervious to concussions. 
Sh sh-sh-sh-sh Shi sh-shi shit. Hey wait! That's what we're doing! Butters? We've lost Butters! 
Alright, f-f-f-fellas, just like we rehearsed it. And-a 1, and-a 2, and -a  You manage the PC Babies? Holy smokes, fellas, they're huge! But he already asked me to play the drums The the the what?  Yeah. Isn't this just great? Fella, I need to tell you something. I think I'm homosexual. And also, I'm addicted to cocaine. Yeah, tell him, Stan! Yeah. It' like China is the new MPAA. 
That girl is pretty fly. As soon as she said she watches Mandalorian, it gave me a little boner. If you wanna be with a new girl, you're gonna have some stiff competition. Get it? Stiff? C-, c-, c-, c-, competition.  I'm trying, but... something's wrong with the TV. Oh. Hey, Sophie. Sure. Come on in.  Hey, look who's here, fellas. It's Sophie. Uh hi, Muh my name is Jimmy. I-I'm the most sorriest, So-Sophie. 
Yeah. It's like someone came and took all their Christmas ssssspirit. It's weird, though. My parents have a lot of holiday spirit, but they sleep until three in the afternoon every day. 
Stan, Build-A-Bear is currently by appointment only, and only a maximum party of four can visit at one time. 
We smear human shit on all the windows? 
