Sir, the tides of war are changing. He claims that with our help, his followers are prepared to fight to the death over which system is better. Okay.  
We're seeing a massive influx of city people moving out here to the country. And the truth is we don't have enough real estate agents to keep up with all the demand.  Mrs. Cartman, being a real estate agent takes a lot of intellect and a lot of raw talent. You have to get your picture taken. Get people to like the picture and go, "Oh, I'd like to hang out with that person." And then act like you like those people when you show them houses. Well, then, I am going to give you a shot. Mrs. Cartman. For your little boy. What?! Who is this South Park Realty Group?! Has anyone heard of them?! Oh my god... That's a pretty damn good picture. How'd he get that kind of depth of field? Alright, everyone! Looks like we've got some competition! If anyone thinks they can take our clients, they've got another thing coming. Everyone, get up. We're gonna retake our pictures. No, no, no, we're getting our butts kicked, and we need to show this kid what we can do! Come on, Chris! You gotta look really welcoming! Come on, arch your back more! Come on, Chris, you wanna lose another sale?! Arch your back more!!! That's good, we got it– Get in here, Carol!  Got it! Ok, next! Uh, Liane, you got a call, line 2. Sounds like a broker interested in 4600 Highgate. It just isn't fair... We retook all our pictures, and what does South Park Realty Group go and do? They go and make a video. And just like that, they take all our customers.  That's a very smart idea! It's definitely a sellers market right now! It's good you came to South Park Realtors. What kind of house is it? Once in a lifetime, a property comes up for sale that it's so unique, it defies words. We know that good houses are getting hard to come by in South Park...and that's why we are so excited to bring you this exceptional new property. This is the historic Aspen Park Hot Dog. 200 square feet of pure luxury. Let's check it out. You want to move out of the city and enjoy the laid back country life? It's all here.  Find out more about this dream home today at South Park Realtors.  Over here... They're too smart for us. South Park Realty Group. We tried to keep up... took our pictures again—aagh! My spine is broken. Not us...South Park Realty Group...they upset the natural balance. Real estate agents don't really do anything. If they start doing stuff, then the whole housing market goes crazy! Real Estate is a delicate balance. It has to be left to the professionals. There's a great migration happening all over America. And if we do it right... Everyone ends up in a home...that they can afford. 
