Are you sure we're goin' the right way? Don't think about it. We'll just keep playing our game. Ready? I spy with my little eye something that begins with the letter T! You've got it. I spy with my little eye something that begins with the letter R. That's it!  Okay, here's one. I spy with my little eye something that begins with the letter P.  Oh, fwooh, I was really scared there, for a second. Yeah. I'm Jonathan  Hey, where'd Nibblet go? Oh, swell. We're supposed to play here tomorrow. Do you know where the stage is? Oh, hi. We're KoRn. We're supposed to play the Halloween concert tomorrow. Groovy! Could you show us where to set up? Great rehearsal, gang. That was really groovy. Let's practice one more time before the show starts. Cancelled? Well gang, it looks like we have to pack it up. Say, what's the matter? You kids look kind of glum. Well, that does it. Somethin' funny is going on here. Your missing grandma must be connected somehow to those creepy pirate ghosts. Huh? But that makes them pirate ghosts. ''Pirate ghosts.'' Sure, we'll help you. If there's one thing we like more than playing music, it's solvin' a groovy mystery. So this is where you last saw your dead grandma. Alright, gang, we have to split up and look for clues. I know. Let's have everyone who enjoys having obstacles in their life, which they can overcome, go this way,  Say, this looks like a clue.  The noise came from in here. Stay close, everybody!   Fieldy, what are you doing?! Hey, there's Antonio Banderas! He'll help us.  Mr. Banderas!  Jonathan! Alright! Great job, gang!   Oh, I guess they really were pirate ghosts. No! Arrest him! I think ''I've'' got this groovy mystery solved! It's simple. Priest Maxi didn't want there to be a Halloween, so he decided to scare everyone away from the docks. And all he had to do then was create a ghost ship, by using some candles, a mirror, and two squirrels.  Well, sure. Why the heck not? Well, this sure has been a wacky night, but me and the gang learned a lot, and we hope you did too. You all perceived us to be mean, evil people, but, really, we're just normal guys. And we all perceived pirate ghosts to be real when, actually, they were just cotton swabs. So I guess the lesson is: it's easy to perceive somethin' someway, and then be wrong. So we all need to learn to be a little less perceptive. The gang and I wrote a song about it, and it goes goes a little somethin' like this:<br />And a-one, and-a-two, and a  
