 Come on, get a move on. I ain't gettin' any younger up here. That is correct.  Sustained. Madame Foreperson, have you reached a verdict so we can get the hell outta here? You're gonna have to repeat that verdict because we have some flatulence issues. 
Eric Cartman, you have been found guilty of committing a hate crime. For this, I hereby sentence you to the Alamosa Juvenile Hall, until you turn twenty-one. I am making an example of you, to send a message out to people everywhere: that if you want to hurt another human being, you'd better make damn sure they're the same color as you are!  Bailiffs, escort this little bastard to Juvenile Hall. 
I'm sorry to say that my hands are tied. The new Prime Minister of Canada has authority this court cannot override. By Canadian law I must award custody of the child to his birth parents. 
 I found the page where Kenny specified his wishes about being on life support.  
Yes? Come in. Yes! Come on, Mr. Marsh. I've been told all about your case. Impounded bicycle, $83 owed to the county. Maybe you should get a job.   Well, I'm afraid I can't give it to you, because then you wouldn't learn anything.. Whoa whoa, hold on. I've looked your case over and I think maybe we can cut a little deal here. According to your background check, when you were in kindergarten, you played on the Park County Pee Wee Hockey Team. Well it just so happens that the pee wee hockey team this year needs a coach.  And now, he's about to find out that to coach, you've got to grow. Stan Marsh has always lived a carefree life. But in the blink of an eye, what seemed important before can all be put in perspective. Stan Marsh is... "Bummin' on Cancer."    Stan Marsh! Stan Marsh! Great news! Our hockey team has just been invited to play against Denver County during a Colorado Avalanche game!   
 Mr. Broflovski, did you agree to orally imbibe Mr. Cartman's scrotum and testicles?  Is this not your signature on the contract? From what I've been presented and the evidence put forth, the court has no choice but to order you to place Mr. Cartman's pubicle sac in your mouth, and draw upon it succulently for no less than 30 seconds. You have twenty four hours to suck aforementioned balls. If after that time you still refuse, the court will be forced to arrest you for contempt. Next case!  
Alright Scouts and Dads, the racing continues. And it looks like our next heat is ready to go, in 3, 2, 1, race!  Two point one seconds for Tommy Bretts. Looks like we have a new leader, folks. The time to beat is 1.9 seconds. May we please have... Brewster, Marsh, Jarvis, and Hollis.  Alright, kids, are you ready? Here we go, last race for the state championship in 3, 2, 1, Go!  Fine. He can build you what you want. All he needs is the official Pinewood Derby kit. Right Marsh? That's true.  What? 
Guilty! 
 The complaint states that your protest has resulted in damages in excess of $50,000.  Order. We will now hear from the plaintiffs who are seeking damages. 
As the owners of Tegridy Farms, you are accused of plagiarizing a song for your marijuana company. How do you plead? The complaint says that you asked for the rights to the song "Ebony and Ivory," but when you were turned down by Paul McCartney, you copied the song into something similar. 
