We travel the country given special little boys and girls like you their biggest wish. So Kenny, if you could have ONE wish, what would it be?  What did he say? ...O-kay, and, what if you're gonna have two wishes, what would the second one be? 
No, I'm telling you. This isn't like Craig at all. I'm really worried. What is that supposed to mean?  Now wait just a minute! Oh my God 
But now, because I "choose" not to let society dictate how hairy my vagina should be, I'm labelled as some kind of freaking monster! I'm not embarrassed about it! It's natural! I haven't been "humiliated", I've been wronged! We are here to ask for your help, now are you gonna help us or not?! I don't think anyone wants to live in a world where police drones are monitoring Neighborhood Watch drones. I mean, where does it stop? Have you ever seen pictures of naked women before 2005?! It's not that weird! They didn't! 
They... they broke up?  Thomas! 
Excuse me? 
 The son of a bitch. He's such a bastard. When you marry someone and you think you know them... TrollTrace. Its up and running.  It can tell you anybody's Internet history.  I couldn't resist. I looked up my husband.  The websites he's visited are just...disgusting! Sure. Type in any name. It'll show you everything they've ever done online. Be careful. You might not like what you see. About what? Its not our kids we have to be worried about.  My husband was on three "married-but-dating" websites! He looked at porn 4,000 times in one month! Aren't you curious about what your husband does? Huh? Sure he doesn't have any girlfriends? Sure, yeah. Respect. Nice of you to give him that.  Come on, you really think you can resist the urge to type in his name...just for a quick little look? 
I just talked to the McCormicks. They haven't seen Tweek or Craig since yesterday. 
Well, there certainly are things that need changing. Just yesterday, I was at the park with my son Craig and... have you seen the state of the playground equipment? Not only does it seem unsafe, but it's become quite an eyesore. 
Sheila? My goodness, look at you. Ah, I thought you were sick. Well, that certainly is... interesting. How was your salmon, Sheila? Well, thing is, we asked our doctors about getting fecal transplants too, and they said they only do them for "medical reasons," so we have to do them on our own. If it doesn't feel right, then it probably isn't right.  How much of a bitch can you be? Won't share your feces? Talk about anal-retentive! No. I think it's new, isn't it? Oh my God. Harriet? You look great! What happened? Two-faced bitch! You know what she said about you at lunch? Oh no! Clearly she couldn't stand that you were the only one whose shit didn't stink. [chuckles] Oh, thanks, girlfriend. We've been working out and dieting, you know. Not cheating like that bitch Harriet. Oh. Gaw! [throws up, then shits herself] I hope we can all be besties again. 
The trash. We must have thrown it in the trash. It has to be here somewhere. 
