The standard-issue border patrol weapon is the P-29 stun baton.  It carries a 4000 watt charge and is your best option for enforcin' border patrol law. The baton is non-lethal, but powerful e- There's too many of 'em! We're gonna need backup!   
This is Marcus with INsecurity. Is everything all right? All right, could I just get your password please? I love boobs? How did you know that? Oh oh I get it. That's pretty funny. Sure, here you go.  
 Yes. Yehehehehes. I don't want cake! Who's gonna eat cake at a time like this?!  Students, faculty, and staff, today we are facing an epidemic of catastrophic proportions. I know I am not alone in mourning the loss of one of our greatest entertainers,  I understand that today they are performing Chuck E. Cheese's autopsy? As a concerned member of the public, I wish to be present. Then I shall wait here to learn the coroner's findings. What did you find, coroner? There is an epidemic in our community, sir. Some of us actually care to confront the problem! Now, dammit, what did you find? Hummels? In his rectal cavity, you say? And you do not find this out of the ordinary? Mmmm, a bit too common, don't you think? Hello, Mr. Marsh. I understand you've become quite the Hummel collector lately. What's the... fascination with Hummels? Ah! I see. So then you should be able to tell me what this Hummel is called! Come on! If you're a Hummel expert, then you should know its name! Wrong! It's called "Stormy Weather!" Do you know where it was found? It was found deep in the anus of one Chuck E. Cheese, the renowned entertainer beloved by millions! If you know something about the epidemic that is killing artists, you'd better cough it up! I became involved when Chuck E. Cheese collapsed like a rag doll before my very eyes! If you had any involvement, I will bring you down! Yes? Oh my God! Don't let anyone near Peppa Pig until I arrive!  My name is Marcus Preston. Can you understand me? Where did you get the drugs, Peppa? Was it from Stan Marsh?  Shh, Peppa. Focus. Soon you'll be in heaven jumping in all the puddles you can imagine. But first, you must tell me, where do the Hummels go, Peppa? Peppa, now! Why Hummels?! You've got to squeal! It's okay, she's with Chuck E. Cheese now. Hello, Mr. Marsh!  Oh, I bet you are! You, your grandpa, ALL the people here, are going to jail! I'm calling the police!  Oh, you're a fine one for speeches! When it comes to saving your own ass!  Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Marcus Preston. I have... some questions. 
