Kathie Lee Gifford in South Park! Oh my God! This is our chance to make a name for ourselves; to show that we're not just some piss-ant white-bread mountain town. Yes! If I can show just how much I turned South Park around, I could become a Senator. That's right, he's a black guy isn't he? Yes! And we can even have the children of South Park put on a little play. Kathie Lee loves children. Children, as you all know, Miss Kathie Lee Gifford will be in South Park to present the award to some kid for an essay. Whatever. Now, I'm going to have you luscious little youngsters do a play about the history of South Park. Mr. Garrison, I'm asking you to direct our little play. Who cares? Now kids, what's say we give it our South Park best! And who's our little prize winner again? How about we get in shape, huh? We want to look our best for the TV cameras don't we? Come on people. We've got to turn this place around. Hang up the lights, string up the banners, castrate the cows! Well Mr. Garrison, how is the little play going? Oh, please do. I'm dying to see it. Oh, don't they look adorable? Oh my God! Mr. Garrison, we can not have our children beating each other senseless in front of Kathie Lee Gifford. Mr. Garrison, this is not appropriate. Do you actually think Kathie Lee Gifford would enjoy this?!? Mr. Garrison, I am dismissing you from directing our play.  Where is she? Here she comes.  It is with great pride and honor that I'd like to welcome Mrs. Kathie Lee Gifford to South Park. ...And now, our very own South Park Elementary chef will sing a special song in honor of Mrs. Lee Gifford. WHAT?! What? Oh God! Uh, Thank you Chef, for that heartwarming song. Thank you Chef! And now, here to present the award for the environmental essay to our own, Eric Kauffman... ...is your favorite celebrity, and mine,  Kathie Lee Gifford! Nohoho nooo. Now I'll be stuck in this Podunk town forever, with all these stupid hick, redneck, jobless, truck driving idiots! 
We are quite aware of your concerns Chef, but... My geologist? Now? Tell him the infection is fine and I don't need another check-up. Don't you think I know that? How dare you insult my intellect, I went to Princeton for God's sake! You get out of my office! Just send in the geometrist. You are fired, buddy! What does this mean to the town? My God! Ooh, this ''is'' big! Johnson, Johnson, are you there?  Ted, we have got a major crisis here. I want you to get on the phone and call Inside Edition, Rescue 911-uh, and Entertainment Tonight-eh.  Better get my stylist on the phone too. Don't worry, things are under control. All we know right now is that some of our children  are camping on that mountain and... Oh, I'm sorry, can I start over? Well you can edit this right? Ready, 3,2,1  All we know right now is that some of our children are up camping on that mountain. We can't do anything until we get them. Okay people, let's go get those kids. Is, is it on? Okay. Okay people, form groups and search the mountain. Report back here every hour! You got that?! Huh, what? And, that would be good? Right? Well, what are we waiting for. Okay, people, change of plans! Half of you grab shovels! God, please deliver those darling kids from... Wait, wait wait wait. 3,2, and 1. God, please deliv- What... is that ''thing''? Hmmm. Where exactly does the canyon go? Well, we owe everything to this friendly, yet misunderstood creature. Thank you Scuzzlebutt. Oh, how sweet. Turn off the cameras! 
I just had a brown baby boy. 
Ugh! Why, why Chef. What a surprise! You mean, Tina Yothers? Well, let's get back to it. 
Okay. Now, once we have all the canned foods collected we'll need some clever way to distribute them to the poor. Ahh, you're that insane genetic engineer from up on the hill, right?  Uh huh.  Of course. Naturally. Oh, do go on. You were saying?  Oh, my! Uh now ''why'' would you say that? So how does this thing work? POVVVV? Ohhoho, brilliant. Daah!! What the hell is this!! OKAY PEOPLE, DON'T PANIC! BRING OUT THE DEFENSE SQUAD! All right everyone, it's time to give out canned food to the poor, haa. Looks like we have the turkey problem under control. It's time to embrace the spirit of giving with the canned food grab. Come on, hurry up. Have a happy Thanksgiving! Let 'er rip! Cuhome on, grab those cans little boy! Now, let's see all the goodies you're going to take home to your family. It...looks like he got a... a-a can of- ''string beans.'' Hehe. Chef, the turkeys! People, we all have to do our part against the evil turkeys. Come on! Where is that Thanksgiving spirit?! Does my hair look okay? 
Ahem. Okay everybody, settle down. Okay, people, we clearly need to reach a compromise. Perhaps we need a ''new'' icon for Christmas. Ex-cuse me? Anyway, I'll put together a crack team of my best workers to make sure this'll be the most non-offensive Christmas ever - to any religious or minority group of any kind. Are there any other suggestions? Yes, Mr. Garrison. No, Mr. Garrison, we cannot get rid of all the Mexicans. Okay, people, we've got to turn this place around! Take down anything that is offensive to any specific group! Is anyone offended by mistletoe? Lose the mistletoe! 
 Hmmm. 
Officer Barbrady, let's pretend for one second that we had a competent law enforcer in this town: what would ''he'' do?  The press is here.  Youuu certainly made it up here quickly.  Really?? Mr. Director person, what exactly do you want to do? Shh. Are you sure this wouldn't make our little town look dangerous?  Weelll, in that case, I guess it's okay! My God, this is the worst storm I've ever seen. Buut, how do we decide ''"who"''? We're all going to die in this horrible place.   Yes, of course. Nobody gives a shit about Eric Roberts. Well, there's no going back now.  God save us. My God, what a harrowing tale of human drama this is. All of us doing what we must to survive. But- hhhow will we live with ourselves now? 
I don't believe it. All this time, Barbrady actually did keep this town peaceful. He is. No reason for concern. I want to assure all of you that Officer Barbrady is still our active police force. Uhhhhh, plan? I don't actually uh-- Yes, that's right. It's back to school with Officer Barbrady! Officer Barbrady, what are you doing?! Well, how's the reading coming along? Barbrady, we really need you to speed this up. The Chickenfucker struck again last night. The perpetrator left ''this clue'' at the crime scene.  You have to learn to read faster, Barbrady! Listen, buddy! Either you learn to read quick, or else I'm gonna find a law officer to replace you forever! 
Ladies and gentlemen, this is indeed a great week for South Park. Ms. Hermans has opened the east wing of the library, and our own South Park Cows Elementary School Dodgeball Team is going to the national finals... ...where they will undoubtedly be beaten senseless by the Washington team. But most importantly, this week has brought to my attention a very serious and dreaded disease: conjoined twin myslexia. And so it is in honor of this that I declare this exciting week as Conjoined Twin Myslexia Week! And now, let's kick off our week long festivities with the first annual Grand Conjoined Parade! Let's hear it for these brave souls! What a glorious parade that was! Let's hear it for the parade coordinators!  Nonsense. This is your week. You aren't going anywhere. And so, at this honorary dinner we take a look back at our beloved Nurse Gollum and the brave life she has lived. Roll the tape, please, Mr. Garrison.  Nurse Gollum!! Ladies and gentlemen, on this fourth day of Conjoined Twin Myslexia Week, all our prayers are with our little South Park Cows now playing their hearts out in China. Now, join me in saluting our Cows and help make Nurse Gollum ''not'' feel like an outcast with our first official Conjoined Twin Myslexia hats! As this year's Conjoined Twin Myslexia Awareness Week draws to a close, I would like to personally thank all of you for your enthusiastic cooperation. Now, let's hear it one more time for our world champion South Park Cows! And now, let's hear from the woman of the week! The incredible, courageous Nurse Gollum! Uhhh, freaks with big hearts! And now-- 
This is absurd! We need fireworks for our Fourth of July celebration at the lake.  Well, keep looking.  This is ridiculous. We can't have a celebration without fireworks. Whoever heard of a Fourth of July picnic with snakes? Wait a minute. That's it! I got it! This Fourth of July, South Park will make history by having the largest snake in the world! The press will love it. I'll be on the front pa--  Oooooogh... Just cut to the chase and tell us about the snake! Ooooh!  Comanche helicopters... ...flamethrowers, triggered at the same time... Well, you see? Fireworks at the lake will not only go on, but perhaps be the best ever. Wait a minute! We're gonna need an orchestra to play ''The Stars and Stripes''! Yes! Get the school principal on the phone! And we need somebody to dress up like Uncle Remus! Of course I do, you fuckin' asshole! Where the hell is our firework? We only have 24 hours! Shut up! Oh, we're doomed. Our Fourth of July celebration is going to have no fireworks and a bunch of tone-deaf little shits playing. Wait a minute... It's the snake! Call everybody! The show's back on! Come on, we've only got one day to prepare! Ladies and gentlemen, good citizens of Colorado. It's my pleasure to be the first person to wish you all a happy Fourth of July! Let's start with our school band playing ''The Stars and Stripes''! What is fuck is that?! Oh, hell. Light the snake! My God, it's beautiful. It never fails to amaze me how I manage to overcome adversity. Say uh, Charlie, when does that thing die out? Yes, you know, expire, end. Hello? I'm asking you when it stops? What?!  You tell me, how much longer this thing is gonna last?! So when does it run out?! Oh, hell..! Yes! Apparently, my plan to-o blow up the snake worked perfectly. 
 Wow, look at this, Johnson. Traffic jams at every intersection, hoards of people pushing their way through the crowd. It's almost like we're a real city. They're Hollywood! They can do anything! Excuse me, Mr. Film Commissioner, could I have a word with you? Well, the people of my town are a little upset. I don't think we realized what an impact this festival would have on our town. Right. So, we were actually wondering if we could call this whole thing off? Ooh, yeaah. Now all we have is a town covered in shit! This is ''much'' better! 
Ladies and gentlemen, I am pleased to kick off the 14th Annual South Park Cow Days! As most of you know, Cow Days is when we all get together to celebrate and thank the noble, gentle cow. And now, the chairman of Cow Days, Jimbo Kern! Now get out to the carnival and enjoy the amazing rides and the wonderful games! You found it! You found the memorial! And the cows? Are they all back, too? What?! Well, perhaps, one day, cows will learn that cults are never a good thing. Sounds like somebody declared Shenanigans! Didn't we ever release them? Oh my God! Officer Barbrady, ugh, you never had Tom and Mary in this cell. No, no. In fact, they never came to South Park. We've never heard of them. 
Ohh, that was wonderful, Chef. Good show. Oh, come on, buck up, little fella. Aw, hell! 
And the winner is: Squash-O-Lantern, by Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, and the evil Eric Cartman from the parallel universe! "The Winning Entry! Squash in cobweb, amid a tiny graveyard and flanked by four tiny bats" You boys win the Halloween Chocolate Ball! Oh, what now?! 
Aalll right, people. The next order of business is a very serious matter. We need to vote on whether South Park should reinstate the death penalty or not. All those in favor, say "yippee." All those opposed, say "nay." Not now, kids. The town is having a very important debate on capital punishment.  What the hell is going on here?  Reward? What reward? Holy crap! He's alive??  Well, quick, do something! Well, you just can't let him die. 
The people are panicking about spontaneous combustion. That's why I've assembled this crack team of scientists to find out the cause of the phenomenon. You are the best scientific mind South Park has to offer. Right. Look, you're the only scientist that lives in this town. You have to find an answer before ''more'' people combust. You do that, and you'll be the most beloved man in South Park.  Marsh, I'm not asking you, I'm telling you! Find the cause of spontaneous combustion, or else!  Exactly! Mayor. Why? Okay. If you're right about this, Marsh, you're going to be the most popular man in South Park.  Shmuck! All right, people. Scientist Marsh and I have been working very hard on the problem of spontaneous combustion, and we have finally come up with a solution. Mr. Marsh? So, from this day forward, everyone in South Park will be required to fart on a regular basis to insure that nobody else spontaneously explodes. And so I declare today Randy Marsh Day, where we shall remember forever how he freed us all from the threat of spontaneous combustion. Gentlemen?  My God, it's burning up in here! Can't we crank the AC up some more? Yes, Marsh. We have a new problem, and I think only you can solve it. Yes. The temperature is steadily rising every day. I want you to find out why. All right, all right. Name your price. Done. Just find out what's happening. Boy, they're really pissed. Well, let's go talk to them. Stick by me.  And so we salute Randy Marsh and his unified theory of moderation that has saved us all.  
This certainly has been an enlightening evening. And as Mayor, I accept your petition and will abolish all separation laws. And I want to assure the nation that is watching that South Park is not a town of prejudice or bigotry.  
This guy's insane. Alright, Jared, you sick pervert! Do you have anything to say before you die?! You mean, Jared's aides are like my aides? He's right. It happened! 
People, people, calm down. Yes, but standing out here yelling "Rabble rabble rabble" isn't going to help anything.   People, what do you think we need to do? ...And so, we want you to design and build a great wall, all around the city. Mr. Lu Kim, tear down this wall! 
 These boys symbolize how we all feel about loss. Who are we to tell them it's impossible? 
Good evening, everyone. In a moment we'll be lighting the South Park Christmas Tree to kick off the holidays! But now, before we light the tree, I think we should all reflect for a moment on those who are less fortunate than us.  Right now in Iraq there are children who fear us and what we might do to their country. The threat of war touches us all, but over in Iraq, there is no Christmas. They have nothing. Ahalright, here to light the Christmas Tree is a very special young man who shows us all the true meaning of Christmas. Jimmy.  Well, we'd love a Christmas song, wouldn't we, folks? That's it? That's it! The song's over! We can light the tree!  Go on, Jimmy! There's only five more seconds until Christmas!  
And so without further ado, here's the most courageous, most amazing man on the planet, Christopher Reeve.  
Okay, people. What are we rambling about now? Quiet people! The town square is public space. That means if neither group will nicely and maturely move the day of its rally, I'll just have to give the town square to both groups.  People, I told you, you have to share the stage. 
And that's really all I can tell you. The town of South Park is going to be leveled, in order to make way for a twelve-lane superhighway. The Native Americans have purchased the land out from under us. Tomorrow, they're buying the last of what they need to have complete ownership. The Native Americans bought the bank. Now, look, it isn't all horrible. The Native Americans are offering you retail values on your homes. Three hundred thousand dollars.  
As we celebrate this glorious time, we can't forget those families who are suffering. As many of you know, the Broflovski family has recently had their child torn away from them. As a community, we must do all we can to ease their pain. Are there any suggestions how we might help? Mr. Garrison, every Christmas you suggest we get rid of all the Mexicans, and every Christmas we tell you "NO!" Then it's settled: This year we'll give all our Christmas money to the Broflovskis, in hopes that they may someday have their child returned to them.  
All right, people, we are all extremely upset over what's happened.  But let's try to speak one at a time. 
 
All right, people, we can move onto issue number 14B. Kid, we're have a city council meeting. Kid, what the hell are you talking about? Johnson, get him out of here.  I know. I signed the permit. I signed a permit allowing them to have their concert here. Their little "festival" should pump some money into our economy. They don't have to know. I can sign whatever permit I want! That kid really needs some psychiatric help. All right, let's go. What have I done?  They still have a long way to go! What's happened? That's it. We're going to Plan B. Nuke the crowd! 
And we will all miss you, Chef,  but we know you must do what your heart tells you.. 
People! People, quiet, please!  We must not panic! I believe that Professor Thomas from the University has come up with a solution. We're gonna need eight dozen shovels and sixteen tons of sand! Let's move, people! 
People of South Park, it is my honor to introduce a woman who deserves nothing but respect. Mrs. Hillary Rodham Clinton!  
You're a lesbian now? The bar has been sold to Persian club owners. I don't know what you want me to do about it. I'm sorry, but my hands are tied. The new owners plan to start redecorating the bar tomorrow. You have to be out by then. Mrs. Garrison, get out of here. 
All right, people, we need to come up with answers. There are homeless sprouting up all over town. What are we supposed to do?  Please, Mr. Valmer. 
Students, I am here because of a very serious matter. This morning it was discovered that in several places all over town, somebody had spray-painted the words, "Fags get out." Many witnesses reported seeing children with spray paint. Now, if anybody knows anything about the kids who did this, you must come forward- ...'Scuse me? ...Why would you write something like that and be proud of it?! What?! You four boys, in my office, NOW!  You four turd balls in my office NOW! You have got me in a lot of trouble!  She's gaining support all over the country. I should have never listened to you! Oh, that's nice! You made our entire town look like gay-bashing redneck homophobes, but at least you're sorry! HOW?! 
Alright, people, let's start rebuilding our town! For the 39th time. 
I've called you all here because South Park has an image problem. Thanks to Mr. Garrison we are now being referred to as the shit-heads of America. One of our more politically sensitive citizens has proposed an idea for this crisis and I'd like you to hear him out. I'm announcing a plan for SoDoSoPa.  A new urban development that will turn the most rundown and dilapidated part of our town into a quaint center of artisan shops and cafes. So you think you'll keep all the existing structures? And we want to assure the lower-income families that we are going to take the time to do this right. This is it, people! This is what we've all been working for! The future of our town depends on us being on our best behavior! No swearing, no weirdness, and no speeches!  Go! go! Everyone in place!   Hello, sir. On behalf of everyone here in South Park, please let me say we are very excited to be in consideration- The previous principal of the school was let go so that someone more progressive could take over. This is our new fourth-grade teacher. She's very normal and professional. Oh no, that's just where they always sit, next to our beloved Craig there, who is a homosexual.  Uh, can, can I show you the most exciting part of town? This is historic SoDoSoPa. It's our vibrant and charming arts and foods district.  That's really what our town is about.  Oh yes, of course, uh... I believe they are. Rancher, could you make sure? 
And for all your service to this community, we want to once and for all declare you our most elite food critic. To distinguish you, we present to you... the Golden Badge.  We know you will.  Mr. Davis, you have proven yourself a leader. And for all your service to this community, we want to once and for all declare you our most elite food critic. To distinguish you, we present the Golden Badge.  Wearing this badge means you will always get the special treatment you deserve.  
This town is outraged, Officer Barbrady! People are tired of the police not being held accountable for their actions! You shot an unarmed six year old Latino child! You're fired. You're from another time, Barbrady. And the last thing that needs to go. Your gun and your badge.  And your sunglasses. Latino-American. You should go away. You don't belong anywhere in a town as progressive as this one. Why are they all suddenly coming here? When a town like ours has a homeless problem it must look at the root of what's causing it. What if they won't help us with the homeless? The town is in danger, alright? We don't know what these kids are capable of. Sh, look, look look, Barbrady, Barbrady! We were wrong about you. I... was wrong about you. You... protected this town back before anybody else ever did. You used to do it all on your own. We need you to do that again.  What were you thinking?! Boys innocently playing ninja and you pull your gun on them? We thought they were. But if it turns out they aren't, as a policeman, you have to figure that out! I'm sorry, but we just can't cover your ass on this one. There's going to be an investigation and ... you just don't have what it takes to be a policeman in today's times. Yes.  
Students and parents, I know that you are all concerned about the witch who is preying upon our town, and I wanna speak to you all about how to try and protect yourselves. But first, some gentlemen have asked to speak on what they perceive to be a  
All right, people. People, please! We need everyone to try and stay calm. Look, we all want the President out of here. It's just a matter of how we do it. I know you all want to get rid of him. Listen, everyone. I have a team right now that's trying to locate the President, and I'd like you to hear from Officer Bright, who's leading the search. [the officer adjusts his pants and walks up to the podium] Don't tell me you haven't gotten the President out of here. What? Why are you here talking to me instead of trying to find the President? A fox trap? 
People, it's time we faced some hard truths. The town is looking to us for answers, and all we keep doing is burying our heads. We need to cut the budget for this year's Christmas pageant. I've asked the director of the holiday show to stop by so we can all give him the news. Let's just get this over with.  Mr. Hankey, we called you in to let you know that... your Christmas Pageant funding has been cut. By half. We just don't have the support for the Christmas show that we used to. The truth is... some people find you offensive. The decision has already been made. Thank you, Mr. Hankey, and good luck with the show.  We need to talk about what you tweeted! No, I'm talking about what you tweeted last night!  "The city council members are a bunch of pussy-licking Islamists." I'm afraid we have no option but to fire you as executive planning manager of the city council. No goodbyes, Mr. Hankey. You just need to go. We already called you a Poober.  
And how do YOU think we get that money? How do YOU suggest we do this? 
Okay, that was the South Park Soundaroos! Thanks again to Kate and Earl! Alright, up next we have four of our local South Park fourth graders who have formed a band. Let's hear it for Stan Marsh and Crimson Dawn.  
Mr. Marsh, do you remember a few weeks ago when homes in South Park were attacked by a terrorist called Mexican Joker? 
Alright, everyone! Are we enjoying the festivities?!  
For Christ's sake, the entire town is in chaos! How the hell did you let those kids out of quarantine?! Everyone is terrified of catching something from these super-spreaders! We certainly don't want you, teachers, to be without every resource available. I'll write an executive order to get you everything you need. 
People, this is the most exciting time in the history of South Park. As you know, there are people from all over the country leaving the cities and coming to small, rural towns like ours. I've always dreamed of South Park becoming more than a little hick town.  And these city people bring with them... a new hope. People... we have a giant problem. There are now so many city people looking for houses in South Park...that it could destroy our rebounding economy. They are, but Mr. Kim has a theory, and I think you all better listen to him. Mr. Kim. So then we have to find a way to stop this. Realtors don't care about anything but money. We have to show them who's really in charge of this town...Jimbo—go to your gun store and get the necessary supplies. I'm declaring open season...on real estate agents. 
