Brilliant idea, huge elephant-sized pigs. Ohh, that's an even better idea. Come on in. I'm so pleased that you children are interested in genetic engineering. It's thanks to the wonders of genetic engineering that soon there will be an end to hunger, disease, pollution, even war. I have created things that will change the world for the better. For instance, here is a monkey with four asses. And here, of course, is my four assed ostrich. And my four assed mongoose. Oh, uh, I suppose so uh. Oh yes, over here. Here I have rats splice with ducks, and gorillas spliced with mosquitos, and here I have rabbits spliced with fish to make little bunnyfish. And over here, Swiss cheese spliced with chalk, and a beard. Oh. Well I'm sorry children, but, pig and elephant DNA just won't splice. Haven't you ever heard that song by 'Loverboy'? You know, it's amazing what we can do with a little blood sample these days. Hmm? What? Oh, excuse me. Oh, pardon me, I tripped. Could I have some hair please? Beautiful, it's absolutely beautiful. My son, I think we've finally done it. How luscious. Our creature has come to fruition, boys. Oh my God! He only has one ass. He's of no use to me, I'll have to burn the room. Oh no, this entire experiment is turning out very bad. Eeegads, he's out of control. We'll have to destroy him. He's too dangerous son. Son, no. Oh son, you've made a horrible mistake. You've put all the people of South Park in jeopardy. Oh thank Buddha I found you boys. You must tell me, have you seen anything odd lately? No, no, I said odd. Sir, if making mutant animals spliced with humans is crazy... then... uhhhhh... hmmm... oh, nevermind. I'm afraid there's been a bit of an incident at the ranch. You see, I've created a large mutant clone of that little boy there, and he's broken free. He's terribly dangerous. His brain is identical to yours. I need you to help me find him. Boys! Boys, I'm lusciously sorry for everything. No son, this beast is a disgrace to genetic engineers everywhere. Boys, I'm sorry I've caused you such - inconvenience. I tried to play God, and I failed. All I ever wanted was to genetically engineer something useful, but I failed. Perhaps we shouldn't be toying with God's creations. Perhaps we should just leave nature alone, to its simple one assed schematics. 
Mayor, we've got a very big problem. Yes, and I may have made a horrible mistake. I was trying to genetically engineer turkeys for Thanksgiving. You know, to provide food for the needy. Well, something went wrong and the turkeys broke free. And the worst part is, they're REALLY pissed off. We have to stop them or, or they could destroy everything. Time is short. They act just like normal turkeys, except they're evil. Somehow I don't think you're taking me seriously. I knew that you were the only person who would listen to me Chef. Look here in my microscope; tell me what you see. Oh, whoops. Now tell me what you see. Precisely, but look how rapidly it's dividing. Means the turkeys are growing at an exponential rate. If we don't destroy them all, they'll take over the town. Maybe the world. Sure. They're increasing in number mayor. These are the vicious turkeys I warned you about. We need ''more'' than that! They'll only come back in increased numbers! I tried to tell you, but you didn't listen. That's not important right now. My God, what have we done? But all those poor turkeys, theh- they're all dead. As horrible as they were theh- they felt like a part of me. Perhaps I shouldn't be toying with God's creations, perhaps I should- 
Wait, wait.  I know a way to find out. At my laboratory. We can do DNA genetic testing. I'll take some of your blood along with the blood of everyone here, and we can determine who your father is. Yes, of course! I mean, that much testing will cost a pretty penny but... Three thousand should cover it. Oh. Never mind. All right. From everyone's accounts, I've narrowed down Eric's possible father... to the people in this room: Officer Barbrady, Chef , or, the 1989 Denver Broncos. The test results are in this envelope. Shall I... open it? Erhum ehrum uh  The father of Eric Cartman is indeed, someone in this room. The father is- 
The father of Eric Cartman is indeed, someone in this room. The father is-- 
And now, to continue, the father is indeed someone in this room. Gentlemen, the father is...  Where... where am I? Ohh. I'm sure it was my brother again. He tries to shoot me every month. I'm glad that you could all come. I can finally reveal who the father of Eric Cartman is. But first, I want to thank Kenny McCormick for sacrificing his life-- Alright alright. The father of Eric Cartman is... Say, did anybody see that ''Terrance and Phillip'' special last month? Wasn't that just the funniest thing-- Oh. As I said before, the father is somebody in this room. The father is... Mrs. Cartman.  Yes. It took quite a while for me to understand as well. You see, Mrs. Cartman is a hermaphrodite.  Meaning that she has both male and female genitals. No no, not exactly. But she did have a penis. The fact of the matter is, hermaphrodites cannot bear children, so Mrs. Cartman's DNA match with Eric can only mean that she is his father, and she got another woman pregnant at the Drunken Barn Dance. Well, that's that. Thank you all for playing. 
What? 
 No! No, this can't be! Fixed! Fixed! That was supposed to be my award, Kevin. I'll get him for this. Mark my words. I most certainly do! The cause of global warming is  It was Marsh's theory on spontaneous combustion that told everyone to fart all they want. Now all the methane from all those farts has ripped a hole in our ozone layer. We are all doomed to die! 
I've managed to artificially inseminate Hope with your semen. Yes, yes, that's... very funny, Jakov.  Yes! Yes, I think it worked!  You are going to be parents! 
 What's going on?  What children? Yes.  Don't tell me that that other NAMBLA is actually in South Park?! Thank you. Now, let's go get those other NAMBLA bastards before they hurt any of South Park's children! Alright, Marlon Brandos, they've got to be here somewhere. Let's try this room.  I think the boys went in here.  No! You've got the wrong NAMBLA again! 
