Ladies and gentlemen, our nation and our world is facing an economic and ecological crisis of disastrous proportions. I'm talking of course about Peruvian flute bands.  The red dots indicate where the highest concentrations of Peruvian flute bands are. All over the world, wherever there are tourists or shoppers, there are now, on average, 65 Peruvian flute bands per square kilometer. General? Three countries in Asia and seven in Europe have already asked for our help in getting rid of their Peruvian flute bands. We will need every resource available to see this through. Senator?  As director of Homeland Security, I am taking control of the military until the crisis is contained. Attention Peruvian flute bands We appreciate your cooperation and patience. Tomorrow you will be boarding ships... ...which will take you to Guantanamo Bay. There you will spend the rest of your lives. Calm down people, we still have work to do! We have to take out the place these flute bands came from so they never come again! Well think about it, idiot! Where else would "Peruvian" flute bands come from?  The country is in the name! Not Peruvian, retards, Peru! It's right here!  Now I want a plan in place to take out Peru once and for all! Peruvian flute bands will never stop annoying us  unless they are stopped at the source!   The Llama Brothers: Tapas and Moodscapes. Right. You just play pan flute music at the mall and sell CDs of you with a llama, but you're not a Peruvian flute band. Which tourist location were they playing at? Let me talk to you guys out here.  Well what do you think? I agree. They're obviously some kind of... hybrid. Well however they came to be, they're about the only piece of good luck we've had.  If they are the hybrid we're talking about,  then they could be our way of taking out Peru once and for all.  All right, here's the deal: Maybe you are on our side and maybe you aren't, but if you help us... we'll get you home.  You're able to walk amongst the Peruvian flute bands. They see you as one of them. We are going to send you to their Capital.  We still don't know whose side you're on! You do this, and we'll know! You leave for Peru in the morning. You don't have a choice! Either you go to Peru, or you get locked up forever with the other flute bands.  Oh? And what might that be?  Guinea pigs? You were so close to figuring it all out, Davis, did you know that? I really thought you had me in Miami, but you just couldn't ''quite'' put the pieces together. Oh, this is only the beginning, Davis, and I can't let you interfere. }} 
What about the pan flute bands? Are they on their way to Guantanamo Bay? Have they been loaded onto the boats or not?! That was an order!  I am still in charge here! I want those pan flute bands on the boats to Guantanamo! And how are the efforts to contain all this going? Ah I'm sorry, I just thought of a funny joke. All right, get the jets ready. I need to get to Machu Picchu. Yes, I need to be taken to Machu Picchu! Have you lost your hearing?! Am I in charge or not?!  Wait here a minute.  What of your prophecy now?! Nothing can stop me!  No! How did you get here?! Shoot them! They're a Peruvian band that escaped. We must keep them contained. I said shoot them! Damn you Craiiig! You just don't ever stop, do you?!   Arrrgh. Dargh, no! 
