Excuse me, sir, I'll be right back.  Are you all right? You're sweating!  What is it?  Fax these results to the head office in Los Angeles. The President has to see thus right away. Go!  
 The moon? Dude, dude, the boss is coming! What? How? We have to tell them! We know what those boys look like! It IS all our fault! I shouldn't have laughed. All those times we've messed with those kids' heads, I shouldn't have just sat there and laughed. How? This is so bad, man. How do we even know this is the right town to look in??  Yeah. Maybe you should start with the houses on the left, a-and I'll take the- Whale poo. Have you noticed any whales in your pool at all?  We're too late. They've moved on to another town! If they've moved on, then we have no leads! This is fate, Brian! It's fate! For telling the kids their naked dads were gonna beat them up! For thinking that screwing with kids was funny! Oh my God. Look, kid, we need to tell you a little secret.  Jesus, Oh God!   It... wasn't... funny... 
Uh clearly they don't, Steven, and they're gonna have a big problem because state government has already set a precedent that imaginary characters ''are'' real. I cite a famous case of Cartman v. Broflovski in which a U.S. court found for the plaintiff who saw a leprechaun. That's right, Steven, yeah. 
Yeah, I think it would be really fu-fu-fu-fun, and ru-ru-ru-rurrraise my self es-es-esesesteem. 
I saw the movie last night, Big Harry, and it made me laugh so hard! This movie's about a  Aw, man it's great! Oh Big Harry, when the  Yeah. Yeah, but what about that movie ''Dolphin Tale''? I am psyched for that! 
This is Mike with INsecurity. Is everything all right? 
You are absolutely sure about this?  
Okay, uhhh, our main order of business is of course the Halloween social. We're still looking for volunteers to make the-  You've got a lot of nerve coming here! And you say she just showed up like this? Indeed. If there is some kind of black magic at work creating these monsters, then we will have to use our most powerful Vampiric abilities to stop it. Yes, my child of darkness. We must call upon the powers of the Vamp kids' most sacred entity, per se. Only he can help us in this darkest time. This calls... for a summoning. We call upon the creator of all that is dark! The godfather of Death and Despair! Edgar Allan Poe, your followers in darkness beg for your help!  We summon to the world of the living the great Edgar Allan Poe! Knower of all that is misery! Your children need special guidance! Per se. Edgar Allan Poe was the original Vamp kid. Yeah, oh yes! Hey! Oh, fuck off, Nightpayne. I feel like we're being watched.  Oh God! I'm starting to feel Emo. He said he was over this, and was gonna hang out at the Village Inn. Wait. Look! 
At what? Oh sweet, dude.  
And, hey Jim, it is packed. Sellout crowds tonight, first time in team history. Everyone turning out to see what's going to happen. This week with athletes all over the country sitting down for the National Anthem,  the question on everyone's mind is "What is this little girl gonna do?" The National Anthem starts. Nichole Daniels seems to be waiting. So far no si... Oh!  And Heidi Turner is sitting down!  And there goes Meghan Ridley! The crowd is going wild. What a turn of events! Let's check in with Dave. Complete surprise, Dave. Nobody saw this coming. Three girls now sitting down and finally, there goes Nichole. The final result, four athletes sitting out of the National Anthem, three of them not even black. A shocker here in South Park, thanks for joining us.  Hello everyone, we are live at tonight's game between the '49ers and the Panthers, but of course what everyone is really here for, the unveiling of the new National Anthem rebooted by J.J. Abrams. This is such a big night for America that both Presidential candidates are here.  And there's the Giant Douche doing the same. More people sitting now as Abrams has made it irrelevant. Who saw this coming? 
This? Oh, it's a Cosmopolitan. I know, I know, it's a pussy drink.  Oh great. Come on, I didn't mean pussy drink as in female genitalia.  
Hey guys– sorry I'm a little late. Got a flat tire on the interstate.  What's the latest news? Well, what do you mean? Oh– yeah– I-I didn't really wanna wear pajamas. Yeah, I just didn't want to with the rain and slush outside. It just... didn't make any sense to wear pajamas. Well you can't force me to wear pajamas! What is this, Nazi Germany? Good, if it's not a big deal, then I'll choose not to wear pajamas. 
