Duhh you always hated Jimmy, boss. Ever since he whooped you at soifin' last summer camp, he really took it to you good, haha. Doh, sorry, boss. Oh boy, we're gonna ruin Blue Team's chances, huh? We're gonna break their legs or somethin', boss? Darrr, oh boy, what are we gonna do, boss? Doh, dohhh, what kind of surprise uh?  Oh! It's a snake. Aww, dah, gee whiz boss, we're gonna kill all the Blue Team and Jimmy, huh?  Darrr, you said to put the Black Mamba in the canoe, boss. Oh boy, what are we gonna do to him, huh boss? Dahhh, this map leads to the scavenger hunt? Dah-oh boy! We're gonna get Jimmy killed by Indians, huh boss?  I got it, boss. Switch the map. Switch the map.  Dah how come we're scavenger huntin' now, boss? Dahhhoh boy! Why sure it is, boss. No, you told me to switch the map, switch the map, so I switched it, and I switched it.  Oh boy oh boy! What are we gonna do to him, boss? Dahhh okay boss, a shark-mating whistle. We're gonna hit him over the head with it, huh boss?' Dahhh I've got it boss. I blow the whistle and make the shark come and bite Jimmy's legs off.  Gee that was a close one, huh boss? They almost had me saying we were gonna kill Jimmy. Dohh boy!  Dahhh I got me a shark whistle. Dohoho, oh boy! Dahh whattaya mean, boss? You said to swim in the water and to blow the whistle. I swam in the water, so now I'm gonna blow the whistle.  Dahh I don't think he's playing the right note, boss. The C4 aint gonna go off. Dahh okay boss.   Darrr we want the ukulele solo! We want the ukulele solo! Well we wants ya to play it, don't we?  D'I was gonna show him how to play the solo, boss. Dahhh you sure got it stuck it to you this year, boss. 
D'awww, we don't like camp, boss? D'oh yeah and don't forget last year at summer camp, you got raped by a shark.  D'ah oh boy! We're gonna wreck Timmy's business, huh boss? D'oh boy! Hey I got an idea! Why don't you guys just make your cars cleaner and nicer, and try to be better to your customers so that you can compete with Handicar's popularity in the marketplace? Aw yeah, don't mind me. D'uh I don't know, boss. D'uh maybe if they're that incompetent we shouldn't be tryin' to save their jobs. Maybe Handicar is a kind of economic natural selection, where the more diligent workers are weeding out the useless ones. Drrrrr. D'ah I don't get it boss. I thought you hated Handicar. How come now you wanna work for 'em? D'ahhh, sexual harassment, boss? D'ah oh boy!  D'aww gee, your idea to have Handicar expand really worked, boss. D'ahhh, you sound like that Matthew McConaughey guy. Ah "I drove a Lincoln way before I got paid to drive one." Drrrr.  D'ah, it's an analogy.  D'ah we're gonna get Timmy killed in the race, huh boss? D'ah hey boss, it seems like every time you come up with a plan it kind of backfires on ya. If you really don't wanna go to summer camp so bad, why don't you just tell your parents how you feel?  Shut up, Mimsy!  Yeah? D'ahh you told me to put the explosives under the seat of that fake soft-spoken douchebag that everyone loves! 
Uh, gee boss, I don't know about sex with no chicken. Dah I thought we was comin' to rub their faces in how good our science fair project was, boss. Aw jeez, that sounds a lot better than a lava volcano, huh boss? Okay Nathan.  Gee, we could get in a lot of trouble. Ya, you sure we should mess with Jimmy and Timmy's science fair project? Eh what's a cock blocker? D'aw, gee, I don't know if we should use our position of power to exploit women. But they're supposed to be dead.  D'aw, I guess we kind of shot ourselves in the foot, huh boss? If it weren't for us, those water bears wouldn't have even gotten smarter in the first place. We was tryin' to kill 'em.  
