Well it-it's my understanding that you umhm, yu-you have an acute case of fecophilia. Well-uh, a fecophiliac is somebody who's obsessed with mookie-stinks, Kyle. Now I also understand that you're Jewish. Is that right, Kyle? So this must be a pretty hard time of year for you, being Christmas and all. Do the other kids make fun of ya? And that must make you mad. Mad enough to ''kill'', Kyle??? Oh that's good. You see, Kyle, sometimes we feel like an outsider, we-we create friends, Okay-in our minds, Okay? Well of course he does; in your screwed-up little head he's the only friend you have. Right now you're nuttier than Chinese chicken salad, m'kay-I mean, you're one screwed-up little kid do you understand? To try and stay positive stay away from drug and alcohol, and in the meantime I'm gonna put you on a heavy regimen of Prozac... Uuuuuuugghh-oh my God, you sick little monkey! No! Get away from me! No! Go away! Stan, you need to do something about your friend, m'kay. Get him out of here before he hurts anybody! M'kay? 
Now, uh, as your counselor, I want you to feel like you can tell me anything. mkay? Uh, being the new kid can be tough, but I'm your friend, m'kay? Well-uh. Why do you suppose that is? Uhuh. That's a good start, why else? Well yeah, maybe that's it. Wha... wha what you need to do, uh Damien, is - is to be overly nice. And no matter how mean the other kids are to you, just don't retaliate. You be passive, m'kay? That's what I taught the little British boy, Pip, and, and just look at how much the other children like ''him'' now. 
''Oh'', well, there's a news flash! Oooh okay... Eric is obviously suffering from some kind of emotional distress, m'kay? Have you boys noticed anything recently that troubled Eric? Well-obviously ''something'' is bothering him.  Oh, of course! My video camera! Boys, if you could videotape Eric's behavior, then I can study him psychologically and find out what's wrong, m'kay? Oh, hell yes! 
Nuh-now, who was that? That is ''not'' appropriate behavior, m'kay? Uh... That's okay, just don't let it happen again. Uh, okay, okay, that's fine. M'kay.  Now, uh, as your counselor, I'm here to tell you about drugs and alcohol and why they're bad, m'kay? Uh, so, first of all, uh, smokin's bad. You shouldn't smoke. And-uh, alcohol is bad. You shouldn't drink alcohol. And-uh, as for drugs, well, drugs are bad. You shouldn't do drugs. M'kay, that about wraps up my introduction, now uh, are there any questions? Yes, Stan? Uhhh, well, I'm not sure. Now-uh, let's focus our discussion first on marijawana. Marijawana's bad, and it also has a very distinct smell, okay? I'm gonna pass around just a little tiny bit. Now, I want you all to take a smell, ...so you know when someone is smoking marijawana near you. M'kay, just take a smell, pass it on, ...and when it gets back up to me, ...we'll finish talking about it. In the meantime, I want to get into alcohol a little, okay? Uh, alcohol is bad. Uh, if you drink alcohol you... ...and so uh, that's why alcohol is bad. Uh, ha-has that marijawana made it back up here yet? No? O-okay. Let's talk about LSD. Uh, children, LSD i-is bad. It's a drug made famous by John Lennon and Paul McCartney... Boys, are you paying attention? Okay. Now, children, has that marijawana made it around yet? Uhh, who-who has the marijawana now? Ummm okay, whoe-whoever has the marijawana, just pass it up to the front row, m'kay? Woh-oh. I'm sorry, Prinshipal Victoria. You mean I'm ''fired''?  But-but it was an honest error of judgment, m'kay? I-I really thought it was important for the kids to know the smell of marijawana-- But-- Huh, how am I going to make ends meet...m-m'kay? Wha-what will I ''do'' for money??  Not o-uho-uhokay! Uuuuuugh! Naw, I just-- I had to get away, m-m'kay? I just lost my job. Oh-uh-uh, I don't drink, m'kay? Ughuh...  Drinkin's bad.  Woah, about the same. Whoa... Is this my house? Why, Mr. Freely? No, no, no, m'kay? I-it wasn't like that. But I've never taken drugs ''either''. Huuhh? ''Ow'', m'kay?!  Uh, uh-- Whoa, wait! Hoh! I can't sleep; it's too cold, m'kay?  Oh, I didn't know this dark alley was taken. Marijuwana's bad. Ma-marijuwana makes you feel depressed and low, m'kay? Oh, good point. No, I don't feel any d-oooohh... Oh, baby, get down, m'kay? Man, this alley is cool! It's so alive and beautiful!  Oh, man, where am I? Uh, hi, boys, how are you today? Oh, I've been better. I've been kicked out of town for doing drugs. Oh. O Fortune, how you mock me?  Uh-uh, boys, LSD is bad. Hmmm... Man, who put all this cotton in my mouth? Yeah, baby... The world is so small. I'm free... I'm free... Hi, boys. Are you boys stayin' out of trouble? Okay, I-I'm just gonna go over here for a while.  I don't need to take you right-wing authoritative bullshit! Aw, you're just like the government, man! Trying to prosecute outta one side of your mouth, m'kay, while supporting guns outta the other, m'kay? I can't, man. Jerry Bear's dead, m'kay? What? Oh, thanks, man.  Sure, man. Finger-paintin's cool, m'kay? Woo, whoa! Ow! Hey! Uh oh hel-m. Hey! Uh-- What the hell is going on?! I don't want to go to rehab! I haven't even done drugs in weeks! I don't want help! But I don't think I really have a problem. I don't really have a family. No, I lost my job before that. Drugs are baad. Uhh... Dru-drugs are baad. I can't thank you enough for everything, m'kay? I feel like my old self again. I will, Ms. Social Worker. I will.  M'kay? Okay, kids? Uh, you shouldn't do drugs, m'kay? Drugs are bad. You see, I was at the bottom of the barrel. I was a wreck; why, I didn't even care about money. I was-I was wasting my life... Now boys, you need to listen up, m'kay? Wha-what I'm talkin' about might save your ''life'' someday, m'kay? M'kay. M'kay. Okay. Now, as I was sayin, uh... drugs are bad. You shouldn't do drugs. Eh, uh if you do them, you're bad. Because drugs are bad, m'kay? It's a bad thing to do drugs. So-uh so don't be bad, by doing drugs, unkay? That'd be bad, 'cause drugs are bad. M'kay? 
Uh, Nurse Gollum is absolutely qualified to be a-- Uh, Principal Victoria, Nurse Gollum has conjoined twin myslexia. Y-you never noticed that? Do we have to eat kosher stuff? Yeah, but you know, it-it doesn't matter though. The-the Denver team always wins, m'kay? Could I get some more pork? Th-the school could put out pamphlets, m'kay? And we could have seminars to educate, m'kay? 
Welcome to detention, m'kay? Mr. Garrison told me about your little joke. It's important for you all to know ''why'' you're in detention for you to obtain the full benefits from it.  You're here because you are inferior, m'kay? You are here because you are awkward, m'kay? Shh! M'kay? ''Shh!'' M'kay? 
Oh oh okay? Let's try to calm down, n'kay? This type of thing happens all the time. Well, 99% of the time, when a child is missing, it's because they've run away. M'kay? Well, we just need to make some posters, nkay? Hand out brochures, onkay? That way, the public can know what the chldren look like and can call in if thry're spotted, m'kay? 
Okay uh van Gelder-  -okay uh I'm Counselor Mackey. Have you been smokin' marijawana? Marijawana's bad, mkay? Well, I've never seen anything like this. What do you think, principal? Um. How's he doing, nurse? Drugs are good, mkay? The machine is aaaah? Uh that's probably bad. Uh, there's only one way to get any sense out of him. We're gonna have to try a mind meld, mkay? Well, it's an ancient technique handed down from school counselor to school counselor. I don't like to use it, but it may be our only hope. Just time to prepare, nurse. Just time.  Mkay? Our minds are one. Mkay? Our thoughts are one. Mkay? Please, nurse, for a woman with a dead fetus on your head, you're not being very open-minded. Open your mind to your counselor. Open your mind. Yes. Mkay? Abuh. Please, nurse, you're throwin' off my chi! Mkay? Aha! Caught you red-handed! Mkay! Officer Barbrady, uh, this man is using some kind of mind control. Oh no, apparently, he thinks he's Charlton Heston. Uh oh. Eric, you really saved the day. Mkay? Think hard, Elvis. You're not really the king of rock and roll. You're a fat, stupid, worthless policeman in a small town. Mkay? 
Now, young man, uh- school is a time for learning, m'kay? Not for immature skylarkings. You know, like tomfooleries. Oh, your parents are here. Thank you for coming on such short notice. I was just disciplining your son for his skylarkings. Yeahm'kay? Okay. Stanley, we're all here to get to the root of your behavior disorder. Okay, uh-- Perhaps you should let your wife finish talking, Mr. Marsh. Now, Stan, I want to you to be-- Uh. U-uh, taking over any conversation's bad.  Uuuhh. Mmm mkay. Okay uh uh uh-apparently we have a bit of a communication problem here. Uh, Mr. Marsh, tell me how you're feeling. Mkay. That's valid. Now, uh, Mrs. Marsh--  -how do you feel? Who tries to control the marriage? And by that I mean, who's dominating the aspects of the relationship? Mmkay. 
Whooaa..! 
Why can’t you behave? What do you have to say for yourself?! <i>[nothing]</i> Well, I tell you what, young man. Uh, you're gonna be held back a grade if you don't luh- <i>[Craig sticks his right middle finger up]</i> Did you just flip me off? Yes you did, you just flipped me the bird! Now, see? This is exactly what I'm talking about! If you don't shape up, m'kay, and get your head straight, uh- <i>[Craig flips Mr. Mackey off again]</i> There! You just flipped me off again! Yes you did! And until you stop flipping people off, you can just go back to the waiting room, m'kay?! Next! <i>[Craig hops off the chair as the door opens. The boys enter.]</i> Well, well, well, if it isn't Stan, Kyle, Kenny, and Eric. <i>[Craig exits]</i> Sit down, boys. Now, let's see. What did Mr. Garrison send you in here for? The boys were being rude while a choir teacher was giving some stupid presentation- Uh, young man, "Getting Gay With Kids" is not dumb, m'kay? It just so happens that I'm on the board of directors. Well, guess what, boys? I think that "Getting Gay With Kids" is just what you need. I'm gonna sign up all four of you. I think this will be very good for you <i>[writes their names down]</i> And that's exactly why you need to go! <i>[rushing in]</i> Sorry I'm late. Oh, no problem. <i>[to El Presidente and his men]</i> Usted es choir de Estados Unidos, mbien? Uh, he says Pablo here will take you on a rainforest tour. <i>[approaching]</i> Buenos dias, Señor Presidente, ¿mbien? (Hello, El Presidente) Uh, muy bien. Señor Presidente, um... ¿Usted no ha visto el coro, no, mm-hm bien? (Oh fine, fine... You, uh, haven't seen the choir have you?) Parece que anoche no regresaron al hotel, hmbien. (Well, they never came back to the hotel last night...) Estoy seguro que-uh-mmm, que-aaah llega- llegarán. No se preocupe. Eh, olvidelo, ¿yeah-mbien? (I am sure they'll get here. No problem, forget I said anything.) No se preocupe, ¿mbien? El Presidente, estarán aquí. Este evento es muy importante para que la maestra del coro se lo pierda. ¿M-m-mbien? (Don't worry, El Presidente, they'll be here. This is too important for the choir teacher to miss.) Estoy seguro que llegarán. Eh-sólo poquito más de tiempo, ¿mbien? (I'm sure the choir will be here. We just need a little more time) Mbien. 
Hi, boys. Have you guys been sure to pass gas regularly so you don't spontaneously combust? Well, let me show you, just to be sure, m'kay?  I had a steak wrapped with bacon last night.  So, you boys understand you have to do that regularly, oh-mkay?  
Jakovasaurs kinda piss me off, mkay. 
Uh, Your Honor, this young man commented on the shape of my ass. 
Mhm, mkay?  
Hello! Welcome, hmkay? This is already a wild party, hm. Oh, that's okay. I've got a special kids' room down in the basement.   We'll come get you kids when the meteor shower starts.  Anyone for some meteor mai tai punch? It packs quite a wallop.  Here it is. I just had the hot tub put in last week. Yeah, you can get a lot of action when you have a hot tub. Sure, go ahead. It's a-it's a party, isn't it? Mkahy? Hm huheh, that's okay.  Oh, come on in. Join the party, mkay?  Would you like a meteor mai tai? Well, are you sure you have to leave so early? Mkay. Drive carefully, mkay?  Uh this is Cher. This is her new album. 
Only one? 
M'kay, that sounded great, kids.  M'kay, kids. Uh, we have some news. Uh, there's been a terrible flood in Oklahoma, m'kay? So the 4-million-recorder-children's event is being moved to Arkansas. Eh, the trip shouldn't take any longer, but I'll hand out these updated contact sheets so that your parents will know where you are, m'kay?  M'kay.  What? We can't find anybody to fill in for you. Why can't you go to Arkansas? Well, don't you want to see them? Uh, perhaps you should sit down, Mr. Garrison, m'kay?  Mr. Garrison, I know this is very difficult, m'kay, but I must ask: is there a history of sexual abuse in your family? When was that? M'kay, eh, and your father? He molested you when you were a boy?  Mr. Garrison, I think, when we get to Arkansas, you need to see your father. You need to face this demon in your closet, m'kay? M'kay. Mr. Garrison, are you alright? M'kay-Mr. Garrison, you're just having a hard time dealing with the memories of your father's sexual abuse, so you switch personalities to Mr. Hat, m'kay? M'kay-I think the best thing for Mr. Garrison to do is to go see his father. M'kay! Mr. Hat, you need to let me talk to Mr. Garrison, m'kay?! What did you say?! Why, you son of a bitch!  I'm gonna kick your ass, m'kay?!  Yuh-NO!  You may have won this time, Mr. Hat. M'kay, I want everyone to stay together, m'kay? Nobody move! Excuse me? Oh, uh we're from South Park, Colorado?  Uh, Mr. Garrison, Sr.? Uh, my name is Mr. Mackey. I'm your school counselor, m'kay. Uh-I wanna talk to you about your son—I'm his n-therapist, m'kay. Eh, you didn't? Oh. Hm. Uh, I guess that's a little different. Well, now, uh, what's he supposed to think, Mr. Garrison? I mean, uh, look at all the media, all the magazine ads and television ads talkin' about "sexual molestation", m'kay? He sees all that and assumes you didn't molest him because of some flaw in his looks or personality. I know, I know, but I'm afraid this problem has run very deep through Mr. Garrison's mental state. I'm worried that if... you don't do something, well it could kill him. There comes a time in every father's life when he must ask himself, "How far will I go to save my son's life?" Well, I've said all I can say.  Uh, aren't those our boys?   
And what you need to understand is that this is not appropriate behavior, young man! M'kay? Well, I hope you learned that throwing rocks at people is bad, Eric.  Not this time, Eric! You've got to learn to respect your little friends! You're gonna have detention for two weeks! Yes way! M'kay, and that settles it! Now, let's all go-  Yes? Nn-um. m'kay, uh, I've already taken care of it; Eric Cartman here is gonna be punished with two weeks of detention. Uh, oh, but I don't think this is a ruh- Oh no. 
Uh young man, if you don't wanna be held back a grade, I suggest you start cooperating, m'kay?! Huh- hold on just a second there, Principal Victoria.  Yes, of course.  I think maybe Timmy is suffering from something called, "Attention Deficit Disorder," or ADD. It's very common in kids his age. It should be easy enough to find out. They have tests for that kind of thing now, m'kay? M'kay.  Oh oh, I nuh-I knew it. 
 Okay, well, maybe you need to view this as a chance to do something you've always wanted to do. Well, there you go, m'kay? Well that's easy. Write about what you know. Write about what you love. What do you love most? Yes. M, m'kay Well that settles it, Mr. Garrison. What you need to do is go write a great romance novel. 
Oo, Wednesday? Uh-Wednesday's tough. I guess- maybe I could do somthin' uh, Thursday afternoon. Oh, yeah. Yeah, Tuesday morning's good. Yeah, I think that's the best day. 
''Oh, Mrs. Cartman, I've been uh very bad. M'kay? [he's handcuffed against a brick wall. Mrs. Cartman appears as a dominatrix]'' ''Oh, yeah, that makes me hot, m'kay? [Cartman is shocked at what he sees; the manager is pleased]'' 
Uh, God is our refuge and strength, m'kay. A very present help in trouble, m'kay.  Therefore will not we fear, though the earth be removed, and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea... God is in the midst of her, m'kay. She shall not be moved, m'kay.   -m'kay. The God of Jacob is our refuge, m'kay.  
Uh, you see, Chef, Ms. Choksondik has very large, uh, honkers, and she doesn't seem to like wearing a bra. No, it's really not as nice as you might imagine, Chef, m'kay.   We... don't like to talk about it. After being dismissed from teaching, he went off to write romance novels. His first novel sold well and everything was fine until he found out that his novel won the gay Pulitzer Prize, and was considered the best homoerotic novel since ''Huckleberry Finn''. Well, we really haven't ll-looked. What? Oh, that's great, Mr. Garrison. You've finally come to terms with yourself! Yeah, congratulations! 
 Every year the fourth graders do "The Miracle Worker," and every year I have to sit and watch it. 
Eric, your friends and your family are all... concerned about your weight. M'kay? Now, Eric, all these people came here and paid to send you to camp because they care about you. Uh what's all this about, Mrs. Cartman? Is Eric having trouble at his weight-management camp? Eric, that's fantastic, m'kay?! 
Christmas ''is'' about presents. If we all buy presents, everyone benefits. M'kay? 
Oh, I don't really give a shit. I've done enough shit outside today and shit. 
Sh. We're watching "Behind the Blow," m'kay. 
Okay, boys, this is the first day of sexual education, m'kay? Now, I know that some of you think this is very funny. Words like "penis" and "vagina."  let's see, the man takes his penis, and he... hm. Well, sure I have! It's just... I was about 19 at the time, so it's been about 21 years... m'kay. Let's see, uh...  I'm pretty sure I took th-yeah I took the penis, and I bu- uh, what the hell did I do with that damned thing?? Uh thanks so much for letting me come over, Ms. Choksondik. Yeah I've already gone over most of the basics, you know, uh with the boys, but I uh... eh just wanted to see what else you were teaching the girls, in case I... "missed" anything. Right! Oral sex, which of course would be... Penis or vagina, right. Oral sex, m'kay. Yeah, why d-uh, did you? Well uh, how long did ''you'' wait before you had... uh... doobers. Oh, I'm... I'm sorry. Ah actually I understand perfectly. I... I wasn't exactly the captain of the football team, either, huh huh, hehehuh,  "That guy with the really big head." Anyway, I... I sort of lost any confidence and found it impossible to ever ask a woman out, mm, hm mm. Neither have I. Uh not me!  Huhuh, okay. Right.   This is where the man puts his- Eric, what the hell are you doing? Why are you wearing a condom? Eric, you can't get AIDS from just sitting around, you have to get it from sex. Yes. Yes! Now will you all pay attention, please?! The vagina and the clitoris are on the outside, and they are in fact very easily visible to the naked eye. Now here we can see the interior female anatomy. Things like the uterus and the ovaries are on the inside And here we see the tender, magical uterus. Here we see the enticing, voluptuous Fallopian tubes, m'kay. M'kay, so apparently the lesson plan tomorrow is s'posed to involve the secretion of bodily fluids, m'kay. Why, sure.  Uh, maybe we should come up with another lesson plan. Uh, right, right, uh, like in the ...nipples. It... says here that the uh, head of the penis is actually the... most sensitive... part, m'kay. And these... are the two areas most important to- I don't know. It doesn't feel wrong.  I've been thinking about you a lot, Ms. Choksondik. I go crazy. Yeah. Hmm.  G'oh, m'kay. Huh, what's wrong? Mm, oh, oh Ms. Choksondik. M' kay! M'kay! I do. I want you. M'kay.  Well. No. Oh yeah. Woh.   
Okay Eric, as your counselor, uh I want you to feel comfortable talking about anything, m'kay? Well, I can't think of anything that would be THAT funny. Oh, I see, well... Well, what did you ''used'' to think was funny? Well Eric, I suppose that, just like everything else, laughter can be relative - in, in other words, sometimes people see somethin' so scary that nothin' else scares them, so, the same could be true for funny things. It's possible, hm'kay? . Ohokahay, huhuh. 
 We know, and that's why he's going to need you boys to be strong for him, m'kay? He needs you now more than ever. 
Uh hey, yeah. We, we woulda never laughed about this before. I knew it would be funny someday!  AIDS! 
 I know this has been a difficult couple o'weeks for you all with the untimely death of your teacher, but it's time for us to try to move on and learn, m'kay? No. Eric, what we're gonna do is learn to ''hide'' our emotions with math problems.  M'kay, so let's start with some multiplication tables over here, m'kay. First we'll do, uh, four times four, m'kay? Okay, and so uh,  so who can tell me the answer to the first problem, six times eight? Uh, Bebe?  M'kay, Clyde? Uuuuh-okay. Go ahead, Clyde. M'kay, very nice, Clyde. Uh, Tolkien, why don't you read your paper?  Uh, how about someone who didn't write about how cool Bebe is? M'kay, Bebe? M'kay. Wendy, why don't we hear your paper? M'kay. Kids, we need to talk about your failing grades. M'kay, we all need to start studying more and fighting less, m'kay?   Aw, that's so sweet, m'kay? 
M'kay, kids, so, now, who can tell me what year the first moon landing took place?  Uh, how about you, Clyde? No helping!  M'kay, I'm not really sure havin' all the parents here is a good idea, m'kay? Oh, this is too much to take.  Mom, Dad, could you please leave me alone? M'kay. 
M'kay kids, I know the past few weeks have been really hard with the death of your teacher, Ms. Choksondik.  BUT... the principal has finally hired a teacher to take her place. So I want you all to give your best behavior to your new Fourth Grade teacher, Mr. Garrison.   Good luck, m'kay. Parents, I had to call you in here because your boys have refused to attend class with their homosexual teachers, m'kay? Well there is an intensive seminar camp. It's a bit severe, but it might be the only way. M'kay? 
We're gonna talk to you one at a time, boys, m'kay? Kenny, will you step into my office, please? Come on, Kenny, let's go, 'k?  Uh, that's nice, Officer Barbrady, but we actually don't need to know- It's too late, boys, m'kay? We already know everything. You all get two weeks of detention, except Eric, who gets one week for being brave. Welcome to detention. You will be here till five o'clock, so make good study use of your time. M'kay? 
 These will help you protest. It's good to see that you care about peace, boys, m'kay? No war, m'kay?! Don't you call us un-American! This country was founded on the right to protest! M'kay? Well up yours, rednecks! Hey... That's a terrific idea! All right everyone, thank you all for comin' out to protest the war, m'kay? . And now, Randy Marsh is gonna sing a protest song he wrote about the war. And now we'd like to bring out a couple of very special South Park students who did a report on what the Founding Fathers would have to say about the war.  What? The Founding Fathers would have protested like us! I guess we... owe you an apology. 
 Here she comes! Here she comes! 
We have plenty enough to save our town now! It's over, Stanley. What else can we do? But, what do we do now? I mean, we can't just stand here and block their way forever. 
  I asked you a question: What are you doing back here, 'k?! What?? Well hey, if I didn't know any better, I'd think you boys have been smoking! Well you'd better not! Because let me tell you some'n' about smokin'!   Wait a minute, what? You're right, boys, m'kay? 
 I understand you have somethin' important you wanna talk to me about, m'kay? Well, Timmy, as your counselor, I want you to know that you can tell me anything, m'kay? And whatever's troublin' you, I wanna try and, and help you with it. Mmm'kay, right, you're Timmy. ...Yo-you have a problem? Ji-Jimmy? Oh, Jimmy Valmer! Oh, okay, what about him?  Mmmmm'kaaay. I don't quite follow, Timmy. Right, Jimmy Valmer. Right. He's Jimmy, yeah. 
M'kay... that's one more vote for Turd Sandwich. It's pretty close, but it looks like Giant Douche is gonna win.  Stan's vote bring the total votes for Turd Sandwich to... thirty six! And Giant Douche has... one thousand, four hundred, and ten. Giant Douche still wins! What the? They're all dead? Well, that means... 
Uh, Eric, we're, we're talkin' about potholes right now, m'kay. Uh huh hi Eric, uh, how's it goin'? We know you can do it, Eric. You're smart. Wha- why you're the smartest kid in school, m'kay? They, they s- they stopped. Something's wrong. 
M'kay, kids, as your counselor, I know it can sometimes be difficult to talk about subjects like drugs and sex and alcohol, m'kay? So, as you remember, last week I told you to write down any difficult questions you had and put them in this box anonymously so we could discuss those questions in class, m'kay? I got a lot o' responses, so let's read some aloud.  then we'll just do drug identification exercises, unkay?! M'kay, uhh, Jimmy, why don't you come up here and write down the names of two narcotics? Jimmy, I'm not asking you, I'm telling you! Well why the hell not?! It's what... Oh, you do? R-right now, right now it is? M'kay, m'kay. Don't worry, Jimmy.  N'kay, uhhh, let's pick someone else. Um, Eric, why don't you come up here? Well, because uh, Jimmy is pitching a tent right now.  Huh?  Oh oh oh, right. 
Quiet, children, quiet! We need to hear. Randy, wheh-where are you going? Hey, look everybody! Helicopters!  So does, does this mean the storm is past. Global warming's over? 
Well, that sounds pretty reasonable, m'kay.  
So long! He's right.  
Well from now on, I'm only going to associate with other hybrid-car drivers. Everyone else is just ignorant, m'kay? It's like you had a guardian angel, m'kay?  But hybrid cars are the leading cause of smug, m'kay? It's simply asking too much. 
Wu-we've got the TV working!   Attention students: Proceed to the school gymnasium immediately for an emergency announcement! Retaliation... Oh my God. M'kay? Yeah, me too. 
M'kay, students, we have a very special guest speaker today. Who can tell me the name of our country's last vice-president? No, the last one. No, Clinton's ''vice''-president.   Uhhh, ohhhkay, thank you Mr. Gore. 
Mrs. Cartman, we have had it with your son's behavior, mkay?! Little Billy Turner is now being treated at the hospital! You know that's not the point! We have tried at this school to make Eric understand that there are boundaries, mkay?! But frankly, we believe his behavioral problems start at home! Mrs. Cartman, I know this is extremely difficult but, there is help out there for people like you. Have you ever heard of a show called ''Nanny 911?'' 
 And some jokester took a poop in it! Okay? Now I want whoever did it to come forward right now, and it will be less painful for everybody! M'kay?! Excuse me!! Could we get back to the issue, please?! You all don't seem to understand how serious this is!! Now who made dookie in the urinal?!  Oh, you think it's funny, huh?! M'kay! M'kay! You're gonna think it's real funny when the police get here! But there must have been some motive. Nobody would just dook in the urinal for no reason.  Look, what-ever you believe, the fact of the matter is somebody... dropped a dookie in the school urinal, and there's still no explanation for that! More important?! You aren't the one, who had to walk into the boys' bathroom, okay, after having tuh, to wake up early, you know, there's no, no coffee in the teachers' lounge, and then you, you walk into the bathroom just to find a big dook laying there in the urinal! Like it's laughin' at you! No, I'm not saying they're related! Oh no, not the Goddamned- Now you might all think I've given up finding out who crapped in the urinal. M'kay? And maybe, maybe you think it's a victimless crime. This, is Mr. Venezuela  Oh, you think it's funny, huh?! Huh? Why, Clyde? Why did you do it? You got a whole school here, Clyde! M'kay? You got over three hundred people that need to use the boys' room.  M'kay, that's good!  Come on in, please. I'm just trying to get your son to explain why... he would drop a dook in the urinal! Attention students. Apparently, Clyde could not have been the one who crapped in the urinal, because Clyde had a colostomy at age 5. 'Kay? Now, whoever did this unspeakable act is still at large. The boys' bathroom is closed until further notice, 'cause one of you thought it would be a good idea... to pull down your pants... m'kay, hover your buttcheeks over the urinal... and squeeze out a chocolate hot dog... m'kay?  When you dook in the urinal, it's bad, m'kay!  Oh you think that's funny, huh?! Yeah, that's real funny! 
You need to watch for bad behavior, and make sure anyone in the halls during class has a hall pass. M'kay?  Now Eric, being the school hallway monitor is a big responsibility. M'kay? It is important that you take the job seriously, and that you don't abuse the power. 
M, m'kay. Ya-you realize evolution has been pretty much uhhh... proven. 
 Eric, be quiet! Uh, it might be best if you just ...let it go, m'kay? Yeah yeah, we we get it, Mr. Nelson. 
 
Nice one, Randy. 
Uhit's okay, Eric. We understand your illness, m'kay? Well all right Eric. Well good luck on Dateline tonight. 
 Eric, that is not appropriate behavior, m'kay? You cannot purposely infect other kids with your disease! Kyle, the thing about tattlin' is, eh tattlin's bad. M'kay, because nobody likes a tattle-tale, m'kay? 
M'kay, kids, we have something very serious we need to discuss today, hm'kay? It appears that some kids in school are getting high by choking themselves. Some kids call it "The Choking Game", hm'kay but, but choking yourself is bad. Hm'kay? Don-, don't do that. Hm'kay? Schoolchildren are often experimenting with dangerous ways to get high, hm'kay, like sniffin' glue, guzzlin' cough medicine, huffin' paint, hm'kay? But they're all bad. M'kay? Well, it's a it's not actually cat urine, but male cats, when they're marking their territory, uh spread concentrated urine to fend off other male cats and... a-and that could get you really high. M'kay? Re-really reeeally high. Okay?  Probably shou-shouldn't have told you that just now. Hm'kay? Tha, that was probably bad. 
Students, quiet please, m'kay? As you may or may not know, today is Canada Appreciation Day. M'kay, so we've been asked to show you a video from the World Canadian Bureau. Uh start the tape please?  
Uh, we think it's best you not teach until you get your personal life in order, m'kay?  Uh, "commend" means you've done a great job, Eric. Hm'kay? 
Welcome to detention, m'kay? You are here until your parents come and pick you up. Use your time to study.   Eric, get your buns back over here, m'kay?!  Wendy? Eh, somebod - somebody call the principal!  
With an inexperienced man as President, we ''do'' know it! He is right! Game over, man! Okay?! 
Uh, what's going on here, Mr. Gueermo? Third team foul on Westchester Bobcats, m'kay. Ball goes back over to the Cows. Just a minute to go in the first quarter.  
M'kay, so now the computer will show a command bar, m'kay, and we type in "<nowiki>x = y + 1</nowiki>". M'kay, and then it says we hit Command-Y to bring up the menu screen. M'kay, now right-click on menu item "Equate O" and type in "input y"? M'kay, let's see, uh the right-click is the upper-right...  Okay kids, I'm gonna need to get some clarification on this. Uh, just keep entering the calculations; I'll be right back, m'kay.  Here's a couple more, Principal Victoria, hm'kay. 
M'kay, parents, some of you have already heard, but most of you have not, m'kay? We've had a terrible incident occur at the school. Apparently a young girl uh, went up to a young boy here at the school, m'kay, and queefed in his face.  ''They have power and they have courage.'' 
Fishsticks? Yeah, I l- I like fishsticks, m'kay? 
Now just what the heck is going on here?! This is not what we have taught you in this school! Kyle and Stan, you've always been tolerant of gay people! You just admitted to spray-painting that they should get out of town! 
We will always remember the way that Gordon bravely read the announcements every morning, led us in the Pledge of Allegiance, m'kay, and touched many kids' lives here at the school. And even though we now know the shooter had him confused with a forty-year-old truck driver who happened to have a similar name, I know this has been ...pretty traumatizing, m'kay. But now we must decide who will pick up where little Gordon left off. Who will take his place reading the morning announcements? It's a big responsibility, because it will be your voice the entire school listens to, m'kay? And although Gordon Stoltski can never be replaced, m'kay, there must be a student out there who has the drive and the passion to... have his or her voice heard every morning.  M'kay, really nice, Mike, uh, maybe next time you can get past the first word. Oh, Casey Miller, good, you're trying out too? M'kay. Eric, you wanna go next?  M'kay Eric, I'm just gonna have you read this piece of paper. What? What on earth are you askin' me that for?! Get lost, you little dirtball! I said take a hike! Beat it, you're not gettin' the job!  Well, because he was being murdered. Eric, apparently you wrote that Wendy's private parts are big enough to fly an airplane through, m'kay? Eric, the student body president really doesn't have the kind of power that you- 
They are going to sue the bejezzus out of this entire town, m'kay! But even if it were safe for Muhammad come, how would we ever find him? 
Stan, as your counselor, I'm here to help you with whatever problems you might have, m'kay? Now, what is the matter?  Hoarding? M'kay, what's that? Hmmm, I haven't heard of that, but it- it definitely sounds bad, m'kay? Me? ...Like, like what? DON'T YOU TOUCH THAT! THAT'S NOT SOMETHING TO THROW AWAY! IF YOU THROW THAT AWAY I WILL RAPE YOU IN THE MOUTH! M'KAY?! I WILL RAPE YOU IN YOUR FUCKING MOUTH! M'KAY?! M'kay, that that sounds like it could be bad, uh-kay? What?! What?! Jesus, what?!  Mmm-kay... Billy, ...Billy Thompson? Ohhhhhhh, m'kay. I sure did. I completely blocked it from my memory, hm'kay? 
 What do you mean he's not here? The what?? Is this some kind of joke? We are two weeks into tent rehearsals! Who the heck would sit at home watching the royal wedding?!  Now, now, Tooth Decay, your character is supposed to be mean and nasty. M'kay. Stop cryin'.   Kyle Broflovski! Do you mind telling me where your brother is?! How am I supposed to do a play, okay, teaching students about the importance of dental hygiene without Tooth Decay?! We have two more days of tape, and then previews start on Monday! What am I supposed to do, Kyle?! You tell me!  He's your brother, Kyle Broflovski! Okay! How are you going to fix this?!  What. The fuck. Was that? The audience is supposed to feel scared of tooth decay, Kyle! Mkay?! If Tooth Decay has no believability, then Tooth Past and Dental Floss have nothing to play against! Oh, you're trying! You call rolling your fat ass out on the stage and lazily blurting out your lines like a turtle takin' a shit, you call that tryin'?! This play is supposed to change  Pick it up from there! Wokay, in fifteen fucking minutes you all are not gonna care about this anymore, so I'll just say what I need to say. That was the worst rehearsal we have ever had! We are two days away from opening and you're all fucking around! Oh, don't put this all on Tooth Decay!  Let me tell you something, Dental Floss! You're not as good as you fuckin' think you are! You're already acting like you're a star and we haven't even opened yet! OPEN YOUR FUCKIN' EYES, DENTAL FLOSS! YOU'RE ABOUT TO BLOW YOUR SHOT! I don't know what the Goddamned problem is. Maybe you all don't know how serious tooth decay is, maybe you all just don't give a fuck. You all probably think you can live your lives cavity-free, m'kay, never givin' two shits about the plaque that's building on your teeth. Kyle, you have single-handedly destroyed all that which I worked on for the past six years. And so I want you to know, Kyle, once and for all, why this whole "dental hygiene" thing is so important to me.  Two years ago... I lost my father to tooth decay. M'kay? He was an intelligent, hard-workin' man, and my whole family watched as tooth decay took him in the blink of an eye! You've been told to brush and to floss, but do you really know the importance behind it?! DO YOU?! FLAT! You're FLAT!  I want you all to take a serious fucking look at yourselves! M'kay?! Act I was pure fucking dogshit! If Tooth Decay is singin' flat, then the whole fuckin' thing sounds flat! Wuhkay?! What?! Why?! Don't worry, I will be better! These kids just aren't listenin' to me!  What? Oho... Oh, God... Go on home, kids. M'kay? It's over! 
You're right. They, they really seem into it, m'kay.  
Okay, kids, today we have a special assembly, m'kay. Today we're going to learn about "the diversity of Asian people." Please welcome Mr. Lu Kim and Mr. Junichi Takiyama.  
M'kay, Stan, you, you've gotta try and pull yourself out of this, m'kay? I know that... your parents recently got divorced. M'kay, that's gotta be hard. I know that's... that's bad. But when you walk around all mopey, m'kay, and sayin' everything is... just shitty, well, that's called bein' a Debbie Downer, Stan. And nobody likes a Debbie Downer, m'kay. ...I mean you've gotta, you've gotta snap out of it, Debbie. Come on, Debbie, you're even bummin' me out now, m'kay? Your attitude just- just sucks. Okay, well, that's not gonna happen, Debbie. Okay, you know, uh life, life has to change, m'kay? Huh... e-excuse me a minute, Stan. m'kay?  Uh, hi, Ms. Bronski? Did we vaccinate Stan for the flu last year? We did? Uh oh... I think he's got Asperger's. 
 Attention South Park Students: will the following students report to the Principal's office immediately? Eric Cartman? Thank you. Yes, and the reason he killed himself, Eric, was that the ridicule and the torment from other students,  spearheaded by you, cause him-! Spearheaded by you, m'kay, made him feel there was no other way out. We are hoping that if you don't fan the flames, Eric, the other students might forget might forget about it!  No, not cool! M'kay, she's on suicide watch, Eric! She's given up on life! Our students did average, maybe just below average. Uh, hi, Jan, it's Counselor Mackey. Uh... how long would it take to organize a Pizza Friday for the students? Yeah, yeah... no, they uh, they actually did really well on the state exam. Yeah, mkay. Eh, Is this one good? Alright Eric, well, well get back to class. We don't want anyone seeing you in here with us. Alright, fine. Bring her in, Adler.  I/m sorry about this, Ms. Gomez.  Alright now, get back to class! Adler, get rid of those laxative bottles! Trash all the Arby's horsey sauce packages too! There cannot be one piece of evidence of what we did here!  Stop that rat! We're alone, now what the hell are we gonna do? Oh right! "The School Faculty Tries To Poison All Their Students." That's not gonna be on Wikileaks! All we were tryin' to do was keep another one of our students from killing themselves! We're not bad! We're not bad. I mean, maybe what we needed was just to think outside the box here. I mean, if there's anything we've learned is that the only thing that makes a juicy story go away is a juicier story. Hey that's right. Corey Duran killed himself last year and we're STILL dealing with the fallout. Maybe there is a way out of this. But we're gonna have to throw Eric Cartman under the bus. We get a bus... and then we... throw Eric Cartman under it. Oh! Oh God! Oh God he killed himself! Eric Cartman killed himself! Did you see that? Oh why would he do it?  Oh wait uh here, here's a suicide note. Mkay. ''[opens it up and reads it:] Dear Guys, I just cannot go on mkay. I'm tired of being <u>FAT</u>, mkay, and I have to end it all. Mkay. -Eric Cartman.''  Well why the hell didn't you say so! Come on, let's go!  Okay, let's just delete all this tabloid garbage, mkay.  Oh Eric! Uh, Eric, I know we kinda threw you under the bus, mkay, but I hope you understand the faculty didn't really have a choice. Well I think you're being very mature about this, Eric. It was an overly generous move to give all the faculty those cupcakes. I wanna thank you. Mkay.  Oooh. Oh, gee, uh... Yeah, I j-I just uh I'll be right back. Oh!  OW!  Ooohhh, it's bad! 
Oh, well uh w-we think that bullyin' is... is, is bad... m'kay, and uh, and when we see bullying in the school, we tell the students, you know, that... uh that that's bad. m'kay? Uh who said? Oh, he's a little Anonymous Andy? Uhokay, but uh, today's actually bad. Uh I already have an assembly today on positive thinking. Wull I mean it kind of wo-uhuh works out. Wah-eh jus- will we he-?  The assembly is mandatory. M'kay? You'd better show up. 'Kay? Stan? Stan, okay, ABC called and Dr. Oz is suing you and our entire school! What are you gonna do?! 
Uh, yes, we've decided to go without kickoffs because of the concerns raised over concussions, m'kay? Huh. You, you, think the students would like that? Mmkay, would, would you mind being the coach of the South Park sarcastaball team? Hey, get off the field! M'kay?!  
Uh, what are we supposed to do? I mean if Bane is out there on the loose then none of us are safe. One Bane's bad enough, but apparently we got like, like seven Banes? Uhkay? 
Hokay everyone, it's time to start the costume contest. m'kay. 
  Wuughhhuh. Where do I go? What do I do? Stan! Hey Stan, can I talk to you?  Listen, Stan, ah I just wanna tell you... You've really been an inspiration m'kay? Yeah. You know, I can't believe in Jesus anymore, 'cause he's a damned fraud, so what I'm gonna believe in is just bein' me, and bein' independent like you. So what I did is I got this brown bracelet to remind me of standing my ground, uhkay? And just believin' in the cause of bein' me. Oh I'm not the only one. There's lost of people doin' it.  Hey Butters. Stand ground. Anyway, thanks Stan. And... you know, just keep on, keep on standing your ground, okay?  Kids? Kids, okay, I need to talk to you about a serious matter.  Mkay, you should know that the Belarusian government is right now trying to- Oh you do? Ya you got you got those? Okay, okay, that's good! Good you're doin' something about it, m'kay. ''[sees another group of kids and goes towards it] Uh hey kids. Kids over here...'' Look, I want to return this orange bracelet, m'kay?!  It's worthless now! Free Pussy Riot! 
Butters, your dad threw you down a well? Well what the hell is that? 
Eric, somethin' is clearly wrong, m'kay, and it would be best to jus' get it out in the open. And why do you think Tolkien is a tickin' time bomb? Do you think he blames you for somethin'? Wull have you, thought about maybe writin' your feelin's down? In a poem? Uh- write a poem and give that to, g-give that to Tolkien? Well Eric, you need to do somethin' because you keep losing sleep. M'kay and sleep is very important to your success at school. M'kay? M'kay, you sure? Because I'm here when you need me. Now Eric, whatever it is you and Tolkien are going through, you need to talk through it, m'kay? The problems you two are havin' have become a distraction for everybody else. Agreed? Okay. Tolkien, come on in, please.  Tolkien, I've been talkin' with Eric and he's really upset that you two aren't gettin' along. You have some things you wanna say, Eric? Okay Tolkien, what are your feelings about that? Eric, do you feel better about all this? Okay, thanks Tolkien.  Now, Tolkien, what you need to understand, m'kay, is that a school assembly is not the time and the place to be yellin' and causin' distractions. M'kay? If there's somebody causin' you problems, then we don't disrupt the assembly, m'kay. You come and you talk to me. Well that's your side of it, Tolkien, but you know Eric has his side as well. Have you thought about maybe writin' him a poem? M'kay? Write E- write Eric a poem, tell him how you feel.  You know, m'kay? Well I'm tellin' you, Tolkien, you let it go, and he'll let it go, and it'll all be fine. Can ya?  Eric Cartman to the counselor's office please. Have a seat, Eric. Now boys, I for one am sick and tired of this little feud you're having, okay? This has clearly gone too far, and you owe each other an apology or you're gettin' detention! Well he was technically standing his ground, Tolkien. 
Students, I would like to introduce you all to the future.  It's a nice... crane, a nice whoopin' crane comin' off Kyle's head there. Come in, m'kay. Oh-kay, have you set up a counseling appointment on IntelliLink? Ookay, that's fine, that's fine. We can use IntelliLink to see what's available. Let's see, counseling request. Students. Make appointment.  Uhkay, here we go. Uhkay, what do you need counseling with? Okay, I'll click on family issues. What time did you want counseling? Oo-kay, aaand, what is your brother's Intelligrated smart name? Alright, I can do a lookup for the name. Uh go back. Main menu.  Okay, uh... Okay, what is your smart name, Kyle? Sorry, Kyle, we're gonna need to maybe go somewhere else. Uh... find an IntelliLink panel somewhere. Okay, let's see, lights.  Okay now, Kyle, you had some concerns about your little brother? Well it sounds like he's hittin' puberty. Well, your brother is Canadian. Perhaps Canadian puberty is a little different. Why don't you educate yourself about Canadian puberty and it could be somethin' yeeyou and your brother can actually do together. M'kay?  You know, this is the first time I've been able to do counseling aaand go to the bathroom at the same time. IntelliLink is amazing. Okay, there we go. That's cut the speakers off. Now what was it you were trying to do, Kyle? No, this is gonna work! I called IntelliLink and they said they were sending over an engineer.  Yes! Yeah, a student is trying to make an appointment to see the principal. M'kay? Oh I see. Uh, I I needed the silver package? Okay okay? Can we do that? Well yeah, but see, the problem is not everyone is not everyone is signed on to it yet. I know that IntelliLink has had some... hiccups... uhkay. But I've hired a new faculty member whose sole responsibility will be to oversee the IntelliLink system and make sure it runs smoothly. I want you all to meet Pat Conners.   what the hell are you gonna do about it?! Getting acclimated?!  No, see, it's a $10,000 upgrade, but it should clean up all of Pat's mistakes. Well ih it's good to be a little defensive around you, Miles, m'kay. Let's, let's not forget that your wife died of an "accident" while you were "drinking" on a "hike," "N'kay!" No! Now you listen to me!  IntelliLink is a great idea, and we just need the Goddamned Gold Package! We are doublin' down! No, they have to be able to get grades! No! There's no more upgrades, m;kay?! I just want this  to work! I just want students to be able to make appointments to see the counselor, be able to see the school norse in the easiest, most streamlined fashion!  Alright, upgrade me to the Centurion package. 
Your attention, please. Will Kyle Broflovski report to the principal's office? Kyle Broflovski to the principal's office. Please. Umkay? Ah, thanks for comin', Kyle. Kyle, please try your best. It seems pretty important.  Anything? You catch any of that, Kyle?   What's goin' on, Kyle?? Come on in. Wuh sure, Kyle. What's the matter? Well, Kyle, living with a lie is never a good thing. Okay. Could... could you maybe just tell me? Well... why do you like his farts in your tummy? Well Kyle, that's kind of odd. Uh, not sure how to help you with that. Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm kaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay. 
Uh, take a seat, Wendy. I guess some mean things were said and I need to get to the bottom of it. Uh no, Wendy, apparently, you called Butters' girlfriend a hobbit. Uh, but, but, Wendy, Kim Kardashian is considered to be extremely beautiful, mkay? Now, Wendy, Kim might be, uh, full-figured, but a woman's outward appearance isn't all that matters, mkay?! Have you stopped to consider that maybe, just maybe, you're jel? Uh that may be true, but there is a very fine line, Wendy, between being a feminist and being a hater, mkay? And you're gonna have to find that line because nobody likes a girl who's jelly! Now, Wendy, I've tried to be patient with you 'cause you've always been a good student! M'kay?! But calling a little girl fat and ugly is NEVER m'kay! No! No excuses! You have a problem bein' jelly, Wendy! Okay?! Just maybe, I should have you sent off to jelly school! That's right! In fact, I'm gonna call the jelly school right now, okay?!  Hello, is this the jelly school?! ... Okay, I have a girl here who's extremely jelly! Uh, see if you can take her in for a few weeks! Okay, you're full? Okay, yeah, I guess she dodged a bullet this time, but she'd better watch her jelly behavior! Yuh, you do? Okay, well I'm not actually on the phone with a... jelly school, Wendy, okay? Okay, well Wendy, I'm just tryin' to uh- Oh, bye, jelly school.  Uh, Wendy, I'm just tryin' to make you understand how serious it is when you lash out at other girls. M-okay.  WENDY, IN MY OFFICE, RIGHT NOW! MKAY?! 
Sorry I'm late. I had to stop and get my own breakfast because I figured y'all would be having doughnuts, but I'm actually gluten-free, so I can't have doughnuts, m'kay? I'm just sayin' that I personally feel sooo fuckin' amazing That's probably gluten, m'kay? Gluten causes sluggishness, irritability, and nearly all behavioral problems, See, that's probably the gluten talkin', uhkay? If you cut out gluten, you don't ever get pissed off. Then eat it! If it's not dangerous, then eat that pure concentrated gluten, okay? Oh, you see that? His dick's flyin' off.  
But then cisgender-ed is just normal 
Eric Cartman's commenter window to the principal's office, please? Eric Cartman's commenter window to the principal's office! 
Alright parents and students, please take your seats.  Listen, listen! Principal Victoria has been fired! And a new person has been appointed to try and make South Park Elementary a more... progressive place that... fits in with today's times. Heh ukay? So please welcome... PC Principal.  Well, we have Tolkien; he's black. Wha- I got detention?  Did I, did I say that all right? 
 Yes, PC Principal! R-right away! M'kay? 
Well, Eric, maybe you shouldn't have put a picture of you in your underwear up on social media. N-No, PC Principal. 
Come on, boys, let's get back to class. 
 Attention, students. Kyle Broflovski report to the Principal's office please? Kyle Broflovski to the Principal's office please, m'kay?  Uhh, uhh, thank you for coming. I think he's finally lost it, Kyle. He and his PC buddies are on a hunger strike and, they're calling for people's resignations. Kyle, PC Principal had problems with Jimmy and with Leslie. And now they're missing. M'kay? Nobody knows where they are. That's what happens. You go against PC, and you just end up missing. M'kay? PC Principal had issues with them. M'kay? And he had issues with you, Kyle. Whatever's goin' on, it's pretty damn scary. 
 Nobody move! Okay?! Everyone just stay where you are! Yes, I wanted Principal Victoria fired! But I didn't want any of this! Eighteen years of answerin' to you! EIGHTEEN YEARS! Of you always... tellin' me what to do! You never listen!! Nobody listens to me! They just expect me to listen to them! I don't know, maybe I got manipulated by these ads too somehow but, I should have been a better person! 
Uh huh, uh, m'kay, okay. Well J.J. Abrams was just rebooting the National Anthem, Kyle, so everything's gonna be fine, m'kay? You don't like mem- member berries? How could someone think these things are bad?  
Alright students, I know we're all dealing with the loss of a good friend. We have to accept the fact that Heidi won't be on social media anymore. I know we're all gonna miss her, m'kay. We're gonna miss, seeing what she's up to; miss seeing her silly pictures she'd post of her and her friends, m'kay. But this is what can happen when someone gets bullied online to the point they just can't go on anymore.  I know that some of you are feeling anger, m'kay.  Some of you are feeling a little guilt, asking how something like this can happen. But the best thing we can do for Heidi, is come together as friends, and as students, m'kay. So now, why don't we all get on Twitter, m'kay, and just tweet some of the, things we loved about Heidi, m'kay? M'kay. Oh, that's nice, that's nice, m'kay. Oh, that's a good one Sarah, uh-huh. That-that's a - that's a pretty poem. Nice Butters. Oh, Heidi would have loved this so much. This is so special, m'kay. Mueeh... Oh! Er, hi Scott.  Scott, come on, we've talked about this. You don't wanna quit Twitter. Who'd be happier? Well, what about your parents, huh? How'd you think they'd feel if you quit Twitter? Of course they'd notice. They'd be saad, m'kay, they'd be saad. You've got so much ahead of you Scott; so many posts and tweets still ahead of you. You haven't even started to see what social media has to offer you. You can't-you can't just end it all. Not now. There you go, m'kay? But now you come back here anytime you're having bad thoughts, m'kay? Okay, okay. Now, Scott-  O-kay... Ohh, Scott, uh, I-it's sort of after hours, m'kay? Hah, alright Scott. Come on inside. Huumm... Oh, Goddammit. You've got to be kidding me.  This is Counselor Mackey. What's going on Scott? Okay Scott, just try to calm down. You don't want to quit Twitter. That's not true, no one would be happier.  This fucking kid, oh my god...  Everybody thinks you're a great kid, Scott. Okay, umm, how 'bout this, just umm, promise me you won't quit Twitter tonight, and we can - we can talk all day tomorrow, okay? M'kay?  Oh, for fuck's sake...  Uh-huh, okay, go on with that.  Goddammit, just do it already... 
Uh, alright, can everyone hear me in the back? Hm'kay, we're gonna get started here. I know you all have a lot of questions, so without further ado, let me introduce Mark Zuckerberg.  Thanks for coming, Mr. Zuckerberg. For those of you who don't know uh, could you tell us who you are? Okay, we'll let him speak and then we'll uh open the floor to some questions if there's time, thank you. 
Oh I'm sorry, but um, our hands are tied... by Heidi.   Whoa, whoa whoa, okay. 
Uhm'kay. Excuse me uh, I'm sorry, but uh, is anyone else hearing Hootie & The Blowfish like, very very softly? You wanted to see me, PC Principal? Well, she seems to be acclimating fine, ukay, the kids really respect her. What?? Are you out of your fuckin' mind?! Askin' if a coworker is available in today's times?! Oh boy, this is bad! This is real bad! Look, this is real fucking fire you're dealing with, uhkay?! I'm gonna get someone down here from HR! No! Human resources! The people that come in to make sure everything's kept on the level! We gotta get you back on track!  Uh m'kay. Mr. Mackey.  Good morning, uh, Miss Conduct. Yeah, yeah it was good. Oh, ah I'm very open and honest, I promise you that. Oh, I mostly use a semi-cognitive approach adapted by Kiezrick Solomon. Are you serious? Nobody I talked to has ever even heard of him! Well it's just such a na-natural approach, m'kay? When I read it, you know, first I was like "whoa, okay!" "This just really makes sense", you know? Mmmm'kay And then, you know, I was-I was looking to get away from the city.  I've never really been a city person.  I like hikin' around, bein' around in nature, m'kay. Well, you know, Mt. Evens is always nice. 
I got this one.  All right, everyone, get down! Everybody get the fuck down! M'kay, m'kay, who's shootin' up the school? Everyone down!  Over this way! Into the cafeteria! Right over there, m'kay- No, you shot the wrong one! 
Well Happy Sunday! Mornin' Ted, Hazel.  And with your spirit, m'kay? Uh, oh my name is Counselor Mackey, and w-uh we seem to be havin' a little problem with our local church here in South Park. Our uh... our priest has gone missing. Well, it's not suspicious, we just kind of don't know what to do, you know? Uh. 
Allright, thanks for comin' in today to discuss your daughter's behavior, m'kay? Well, unfortunately, we found out our playground monitor has been accepting favors to look the other way at recess, and uh, your daughter sent him an inappropriate picture. Of her butthole. M'kay? We've been havin' a lot of issues at the school with kids vaping lately and, uh, they bribe the recess monitor however they can. Uhkay, let- uh, the, there is good news, m'kay? We had the picture analyzed and it turns out it was actually just a picture of a dog's butthole, m'kay   Oh, hello, Kyle. M'okay, like what? Huh okay.  
Whoa!  Alright, who left their scooter here?! Okay?! Whose damn scooter is this?! What the hell??  
 Oh, PC Principal! Are you going in to see the vice principal? I really need to speak with her. Everything is okay with you two? There's no more "inappropriate behavior"? You know, as a counselor, I'm here to- Mmm-m'kay.  
 Oh hey, guys. Sorry, the front door was open, so I just walked on in. Seein' if I could still get those seeds from ya, Stephen? Oh, I was gonna try my hand at growin' some weed and Stephen said he'd give me some seeds to get started. Yeah, you know, I think I'll just grow my own weed. My own weed. I'll grow my own weed. 
Boys, I understand you have a band at the school? Well, boys, it seems to me like your music is kind of... angry. M'kay? I mean, it's really loud, m'kay, and it's a little angry. 
 Whoawhoawhoawhoa, what's goin' on, kids? Okay, kids, we don't want another incident here, okay? Eric, it's okay. We aren't going to change the school menu, okay? Everything's fine. Girls, I'm sorry, but the health of our students has to come first.  Wuhuhuhu... hello, Eric. Whoa, uh, thank God it worked. Walk, don't run, m'kay?  N-Now, Eric, stay calm, mm-kay! We're sorry. We were just trying to find a compromise! Now just be calm. 
Okay. An-and do you feel like maybe the mummy is trying to, you know, get you to react? Well, you know, Butters, the mummy feels like you get to do whatever you want, but it doesn't get to do whatever it wants. Yeah, yeah, we had a good talk, yeah. I think the mummy is very insightful and cares about you a lot. Look, the mummy's just sad because you get to go to school and have fun, and what does the mummy get to do? You know, it just sits around being a mummy. You know, that's not fair. Right, but you do care, Butters, because you're sitting in my office talking all about the bad things that the mummy does. 
Oh hi, boys. Uh we got some new students who want to be part of the gaming club. You know Tammy and Nichole. This is a school club, boys. All clubs are inclusive. Have fun, girls.  So they're smarter than you and beating you at all the board games. Hey boys, you need to get out, okay? No boys in the girls' school clubs. Come on, let's go. New school policy came down from the top. Now get your asses outta there. 
Boys, I brought you in here because some rumors are floatin' around the school, m'kay? These rumors are that you three somehow stole feces from Kyle's mom, m'kay, and gave it to Mrs. Biggle in return for "Jedi: Fallen Order." M'kay, well someone in this school is a little turd burglar, and I want some answers! It must be hard, having to take turns playing "Jedi: Fallen Order." It's a single-player game, I believe. Oh. Because... I could get you each your own copy. That would be a lot of fun, wouldn't it? You guys stole the poop. Could you do it again? Not Kyle's mom's. Someone else's. [thinking, "The spice. I must have it. The spice mélange."] 
Okay, kids, if we can all be quiet, please? Today is a very special day, because we have a new student who just moved to town and will be starting her schoolastic adventures here in South Park. I know you're gonna be very kind, and make her feel at home. Please say hi to Sophie Gray. 
I don't know. There's some sort of blockage in front of the booth section. It's gone, okay?! Just face it, it's all gone!  Try to catch some on your tongue. It's fun. 
M'kay, welcome, parents, to this all-school town meeting to talk about how we're gonna get your kids back into the classroom. Can everyone hear me okay?  Okay, well, parents, we've made some amazing adjustments and hirings, m'kay? We believe we can welcome students back on Monday. M'kay? Okay. Okay, everyone. Alright.  Okay, BOOM!  Mr. Donovan! And that is your prerogative. Mute!  Mmkay, Mrs. Marsh. That is correct. Our teaching staff does not feel safe to return, BUT... we have hired all new teachers, m'kay? These are people who have recently lost their jobs due to recent events and are desperate for work. Mmkay, so they'll do just about anything. M'kay. mmkay, parents? Can everyone hear me okay?  
Will you just come on. You gotta loosen up, Mr. Adler. We can get in. Just comb your hair, you know, look your best. I can get us in.  Oh, uh, hey, uh, we'd like to get in there and get some vaccinations, mkay. Well, no, I'm not on the list. I tried to get on the list. I sat on my computer 30 nights in a row trying to make a vaccination appointment and get on the God damn list. Look, the thing is, we are school faculty, mkay. You gotta let us in. Uh, yes it's uh, Tom, Fireman Tom, mkay. I don't know what you're talking about! I'm a hero of the community.  I'm Fireman Tom! Think my life doesn't matter!? I show you what matters.  Stop doing donuts in the school parking lot! I said you old people need to --  What?!  Guess what, boys? I don't care. I come here and I listen to you kids bitch about your stupid problems everyday and I'm 50 years old!  I could die tomorrow from this Covid shit! It's not that simple. There's only one way you're getting your teacher back, and that's if teachers get their hands on the vaccine.  There's a place in town... Very hard to get into. Very exclusive. Walgreens. I've tried to get in many times... Dressed like a fireman, mkay. Dressed like a little ol' lady, but they got security up the ass.   
You better quit while you're ahead. You don't understand how important pajama day is to kids. It's like the Met Gala for children. Mmkay... but I don't think this is gonna end up the way you want it to.  
 Uh, kids! I need your attention! We're doing an emergency drill this morning, m'kay? M'kay, now, we haven't done these in a long time, but we need to be prepared if the Russians decide to nuke us. Now, when you hear this sound...  The Russians are nuking us. ...then you need to quickly and calmly get out of your seats and get to the gymnasium, m'kay?   Come on, we're getting nuked! Everyone to the gym! It's our only chance! Under the bleachers! Go! Come on, move! Everyone's going to die! M'kay. That was... 22 seconds. That's not bad, m'kay. Now, if this were real, we would just all stay here and wait to hear from our government and maybe, maybe listen to some appropriate music. Like we did back in the ‘80s. Oh, yeah, yes, of course, PC Principal.  Yes, that's right. We are going to be prepared. VHS is still really the best format when you think about it.  Enjoying it? My job is to have this school ready. Kids need to know what Russia is capable of. Оставь меня в покое (Leave me alone). No, but I've watched ''Hunt For Red October'' like 200 times. No, you – you're right, of course. I'm – I'm over-reacting. M'kay... What are you up to, you piece of shit?  Uh-huh, m'kay, that's nice. That's good to hear. Why don't you just, uh, sit there and tell me about it? Uh huh... Yeah. Yeah, that must be tough. I'm sorry to hear that, m'kay. M'kay, we – the what?  M'kay. Butters. Don't move your head. Uh, uh! They're probably watching us, so keep acting like you're asking me for help. That's good. Now listen carefully. What did your parents tell you? Jesus Christ... M'kay! Well, Butters, you know sometimes troubles at home can be bad, m'kay.  I need you to tell me everything you know about dressage. Don't shoot... I-I'm just the school counselor... Mr. Stotch? What the hell are you doing here? Mr. and Mrs. Stotch, you know—your son has been having some problems on the playground at school. Well, you know...bullies, and, uh, pressure for marihuana, you know, with— Don't fucking move! Now, I want some Goddamn answers! I'm not the traitor! Since I found out the principal is a Russian spy. There's something very big going on here, and I think it involves your son.  I think I understand what's going on now... The Communists are gonna use the pony show as justification... to fire the missiles. Hi, mom. Mom, I need to use something in my old room. Mom, I think World War 3 is about to start. I'm gonna do what I can to protect our country!  X equals "The Russians are nuking us." Print X, goto 10. Run. We're running out of time! Take missiles to DEFCON 2! Get out of my room, mom! Gawd! Get outta my rewm!  ‘Course I'm not m'kay! But you wouldn't understand, ‘cause you're a grown-up! Things used to be so much simpler, mama. There was a good guy and a-and a bad guy. And we all... sort of came together and loved our country...not like it is now. How'd you know about that, mom? You're right, mama...I've been bad. No, I'm bad— Let me—let me through! Let me through! I know! It's amazing!  You know...the past few days, I've been re-living the past. But during this tournament, I started to change. And I just wanna say to the Russians—that if I can change, then yous can change! I know how it is when you're gettin' old, you know, and you're gettin' aggressive because your dick doesn't work the way it used to. But just because our dicks don't work doesn't mean we should go back to the way things were. In the immortal words of Sting—we all share the same biology. Regardless of ideology. 
