Alright guys, now let's go back and talk about infinitives . Remember, those are verbs combined with the work "to." Now, usually an infinitive acts like a noun, as in "I want TO go out to eat" or  "I hope TO be chosen today." Now usually, it isn't common to split TO and the verb, but sometimes you can,  as in-. Is there a problem, guys? 
I want you all to take a close look at your math exams, children. Some of you did very well, but many of you did not.    And what about the four's? Tolkien? Ah, I can't hear you, Eric. And now we divide, right?! Craig, how about you?! What are we dividing?! The four by the six?! Or the six by the four?! Now we're gonna retake the exam on Friday. Now I'm giving you an opportunity to do better. I hope you take advantage of it. Eric, that's enough! ["Shooter is down, shooter is down"] Now let's move on to the next equation. The quiz is multiple-choice, but be sure to show all your work. You'll have 20 minutes to complete your answers. All right, your time starts... now.  
  What do you think you're doing? 
Good morning, guys. Everyone ready to start school? '' ' Okay, I think we're all here. I see Jimmy and Clyde are on now. Eric, are you there? Oh no, Eric, I think your computer is freezing up again. Eric, you'll just have to listen again, okay? Best you can. So let's start today, guys, by going over yesterday's grammar examples.  Wendy, can you read the first one? 
Okay, class. Hope everyone had a good lunch.  Number 14. Okay. Well, let's look at it together. ''[Mrs. Nelson gets up from her chair and when she turns around, a big red stain is seen on her back on the skirt.] What?  What? What is -- What is this?  Is this a prank?  Hello?  What do you want? Really? You think I'm gonna let you prank me again? I heard you were the ones responsible for the period prank! Yeah, I don't trust you. I'll just wait until the government decides teachers are important enough to get their vaccinations. You better be at school tomorrow morning, and you better really have vaccinations. For all the teachers! I'm sorry for wasting everyone's time. I don't know why I believed them when they said they had vaccinations.  Yes? Cut the crap! You said you'd be here at 7:00 AM!  Oh, no. I knew this was a prank. You're not tricking me into going anywhere! Boys... you really did it. I -- I can't believe it. For a while there, I thought I --  
