Adolf Hitler was a very, very naughty man! 
And what happened then? Well, in South Park they say... Johnnie Cochran's heart grew three sizes that day. 
But Lambtron's powers also give him a good chance for a new fight. Will he succeed? 
Hello, and welcome to: "Singing like Bocelli for Dummies." Lesson 1: ''Yaaayayeha!'' Lesson 2: ''Hehyayaya hehyayaya!'' Good: And now we'll do the entire piece, "Con te partirò"  And now lesson 4: the complete works of Mozart. Let's begin. 
 where a young blond-haired boy named Pip was on his way to see his parents. Well, the very next day, Pip went to Old Ms. Havisham's house to inquire about the job.  and it was there that he met the girl of his dreams.  That night, Pip spent all his sleeping hours unable to get Estella's beautiful face out of his mind. Day after day Pip visited Estella. Sometimes they would play, sometimes they would talk. But every single day Pip's love for Estella grew. Well, what a spot poor Pip was in. He was hired to be the friend of the very harsh and beautiful Estella. And although she treated him like dirt, or perhaps ''because'' she treated him like dirt, Pip found himself more in love with the little girl each and every day.  But, isn't it sad? Because Pip knew that someone as sophisticated and as wealthy as Estella could ''never'' love ''him'', for he was just a simple blacksmith's apprentice. And so Pip spent the next several months learning how to be a gentleman. He was schooled in several languages. He was taught fencing and marksmanship, and he was shown how to dance and eat box. And after it all, after WEEKS and weeks of intense schooling, Pip was finally a full-fledged gentleman. Proud of himself, Pip decided to pay Ms. Havisham a visit, to thank her for her generosity, and to see if he was indeed, now, good enough for Estella. Yes. Our young Pip had come a long way. From the apprentice of a blacksmith to a fine young gentleman of great expectations. And now he was to finally see his beloved Estella again at a Grand Ball held by the King of England, Tony Blair. It was here that Pip would finally and formally ask Estella to be his girlfriend. And all would be right with the world. And now we come to the final act of the Dickens classic tale, in which the stage is set for an epic showdown. Ms. Havisham's robot monkeys prove a formidable foe, but Pip is not about to let Estella's soul be forever consumed by the Genesis device. And now the thrilling conclusion of Great Expectations! And they all lived happily ever after. Except for Pocket, who died of hepatitis B.  Until next time, I'm a British person. Good night. 
 Meanwhile, at the Hall of Super Best Friends... Meanwhile, in the nation's capital, Blaintologists from all over the country have gathered to commit mass suicide! Meanwhile, at the White House... Meanwhile, at the Super Best Friends League... Using the wood that Krishna cut down as a beaver, Jesus uses his master carpentry skills to make a giant mold. Meanwhile, in the ocean depths, Seaman seeks out water to mix with the concrete. And so, Seaman and Swallow get to... get to work  Using his power of Taoism, Lao Tse becomes one with the giant stone John Wilkes Booth.  Later, at exactly the same location... And so, Jesus and his companions leave Washington. But their return is assured, for there will always be a need for... the Super Best Friends! 
They were considered the best comedy act in all of Canada.  This is Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow. . where American audiences would be exposed to Canadians for the first time. The Canadian act confused American audiences.  But it was in 1974, on the Sonny & Cher Show, that Terrance and Phillip finally started to mix their Canadian humor with deep political insight.  With this bold mix of humor and political insight, the world couldn't get enough of Terrance and Phillip.  But their fame would come at a price, when Behind the Blow continues.  Terrance and Phillip themselves supplied the voices. The cartoon was such a huge success that it started to breed confusion over whether Terrance and Phillip were animated characters or real people. And so, in 1998, , and it nearly killed them both.  And so, Terrance and Phillip got back together, proving once and for all that fame and fortune are never as important as friendship. 
 The time is drawing close for delivery. Here we can see the water breaking. Later, the contractions are happening closer together. Mom sure is in a lot of pain. Now we can see the crown of the baby's head, stretching the vaginal walls in ways never before thought possible by Mom. Finally, the miracle happens, and the baby is born.  but Mom's not done yet. She still got some afterbirth to push out of her.  That's right. 
''[the video begins. Randy massages Sharon's arm] The story begins in ages past, in the deep regions of Middle-earth, where Scorn first thrived in the kingdom of Gelgelar.'' ''Seven rings were cast and given to the races of Men.'' ''Seven, to the races of Elves, five to the gloondock villagers of Gelgendor. [Sharon takes a good look at the video]'' ''So it was that the heroes traveled many miles to return ''The Lord of the Rings'' to the video store.'' ''The quest continued to return ''The Lord of the Rings'' to the video store.'' 
  Well, it looks like the boys are in more trouble than a June bug in molasses. And it's pretty thick molasses, too. 
...The little woodland critters were also preparing for their Christmas Day. The little critters cheered and Beavery said with a smile... The boy in the red poofball hat smiled and said... Said the little boy in the red poofball hat. He knew that only by going to the forest could he -- Yes, he did. Yes, he did. Said the boy in the red poofball hat! "We've made it already, little cubs! Fancy that!" The abortion doctor inquired. The little boy quickly begun, And they all lived happily ever after. Except for Kyle, who died of AIDS two weeks later.  
The Hardly Boys. Two young whippersnappers with a knack for solving mysteries. The Hardly Boys in:  The Mystery of the Urinal Turd. The Hardly Boys. Two young whippersnappers with a knack for solving mysteries. The Hardly Boys in:  The Case of the World Trade Center Conspiracy. 
The year is 2006, and young Eric Cartman cannot wait for the new Nintendo Wii to come out. Unable to cope with the wait any longer, Eric decides to freeze himself for three weeks. But a freak avalanche makes Eric impossible to find, and so he remains frozen for 500 years. 
And so it had begun. By kicking the Persian messenger in the balls, the lesbos had sent a message. . All over the country lesbians heard of the brave standoff. The Persians returned to their office and told their coworkers how the thirty lesbos were refusing to let them in. The hours pass quickly, and the lesbians boldly stood out in front of their bar to stop the Persians from entering. For hours, the Lesbos kept the Persians back, holding them off, keeping them from decorating.  The Lesbos... had held. The Persians who did not go shopping now knew they must face their boss. Rauf Xerxes. He sat atop a gold Hummer with customized Gucci accessories which only a Persian would think was cool.  And with that the Persian club owner came to a realization. A full day passed, and the Lesbos knew a second Persian attack was imminent. Outside, Lesbo lookouts kept watch, ready to alert the others. The Lesbo leader sat nervously inside. Her plan to dress Mexicans as Persians to act as spies - perhaps it had failed. She looked around at her fellow Lesbos. They were tired. In order to keep her Lesbos awake, she had no choice: she would have to make coffee.  With fresh coffee brewed, the Lesbos found new life, but would it be enough? And so it was that Les Bos was saved. The Persians had agreed to keep it a lesbian bar, for no dyke should be without cocktails. 
Little Stanley was tired and hungry. But he knew that for Britney Spears to be safe, he had to get her to the North Pole. 
In the great hall of the Super Best Friends, there are assembled the leaders of the world's biggest religions; Jesus!   Their mission; to right back which is wrong, and to serve all mankind. Later, at the hall of the Super Best Friends... 
Captain Hindsight,  But now, the Hindsight that has saved so many threatens to consume Jack's very soul. It's Captaiiin Hindsight! 
It is a glorious spring morning and literally, thousands have gathered for the royal wedding.  Prince takes his place next to the large vat of butterscotch pudding. Oh, and here she comes. Yes, there she is! The aboot to be Princess of Canada. Isn't she ravishing, so innocent of heart, so strong in body, so hot in the face? She is indeed the living symbol of our great country. My God, she's beautiful. Canadian prince now dipping his arms into the pudding.  This is certainly breaking with tradition now. Canadians in attendance cannot believe their eyes. Widespread panic.  The princess now giving the Canadian Medal of Courage to Ugly Bob, and also to Scott, who is of course a giant dick, and Katuktuk of the Yukon. And the medal of course made of white chocolate, as is tradition. What a glorious day for Canada, and therefore, the world. The duke of Calgary standing up and putting on a fake beard, a tradition passed down since the birth of Canada. The princess now knighting Sir Ike Broflovski, giving him three kisses and a pair of socks, as is tradition. And now the scraping off of the pudding. And now the scraping off of the pudding.  He's really making a good go of it. What a glorious day for Canada, and therefore of course, the world. 
Dedicated. Patriotic. Tireless. These are the men and women of the US Border Patrol. They work around the clock protecting America's prosperity. They are the front line in making sure Mexicans stay here and work. The border patrol is uncompromising, diligent, and kewl. They will defend, arrest, and most importantly, let the Mexicans know that they are way better off here in the United States. 
 A lot has been written about the first Thanksgiving between Pilgrims and Native Americans. but what really happened at that first historic dinner?  And what about the food?  Did ancient aliens shape the first Thanksgiving? Is it mere coincidence that Cape Cod, when viewed from space, looks like an alien life form?  It has become a widely accepted fact that Thanksgiving was a meal attended by Pilgrims, Native Americans, and alien beings. And while the number of people who accept the alien theory continues to grow, some experts have stepped forward with a wildly different view altogether. Could it be that Pilgrims were actually aliens themselves?  Could it be that the Pilgrims we've read about all these years actually came from another planet? History experts like Kyle Broflovski say "yes." Not long ago, it was an accepted fact that civilizations on Earth shared the universe with beings from other planets.  With the wormhole once again open, Miles Standish was finally able to command a Pilgrim army. The Pilgrims fought off the Indians, making stuffing once again available on all our Thanksgiving tables. And now you know the true story behind Thanksgiving. But was the first Thanksgiving really just about Pilgrims and Indians from space? Or was there something more? Shocking new evidence suggests that the first Thanksgiving might also have been...  haunted! The Pilgrims welcomed the Indians, but did they also unknowingly welcome spirits from beyond the grave?  
Pabst Blue Ribbon and white trash. It's a deadly combination that can lead to prison time and children being taken away from their home. This white trash home in Colorado seems innocent enough.  But the children in this home live in a world of neglect. There's no heating, no groceries,  Three arrests in just one power-packed episode, proving once again that we are all just one Pabst Blue Ribbon away from becoming... white trash in trouble! Sponsored by Schlitz. 
Four young boys in Colorado are on a trip from hell.  Trapped in an unforgiving mountain wilderness with no way out.  The fourth graders are in a nightmare they cannot escape. For four elementary school boys. an ordinary day becomes a descent into madness on tonight's episode of "I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining". It's the last day of Spring break,  For ten year old Stan Marsh and his friends Kyle, Eric, and Kenny, the last day has come too soon. Within thirty minutes, the boys are getting a ride to the ziplining outfitters from Stan's uncle Jimbo.  It's the idyllic spring break getaway with friends and laughter.  The boys have just made a sobering discovery.  But, in a tour group, the brain has to work overtime, acting nice and pretending to care about people on the tour. Inside Kyle's mouth, the muscles contract to force a smile, even though in his brain, Kyle is thinking, "Dude, fuck you!" The boys think their ordeal is over, but what they don't realize is that things are about to go from bad to worse. It's a devastating blow. For Kyle, it's almost too much to bear.   It's almost three o'clock, and the boys are still on the shuttle. But what the boys don't realize is that a massie storm is brewing.  After a grueling twenty minutes, waiting for everyone else to ride the zipline, the boys relaize they have just wasted hours of their time. And that, is when the unthinkable happens. The boys realize that their ziplining nightmare has only just begun.  Four young boys in Colorado are on a trip from hell. Trapped in an unforgiving mountain wilderness with a tour group. The fourth graders are in a nightmare they cannot escape. But what the boys don't realize is that Eric's body is already shutting down from stage 4 diarrhea.  Eric Cartman is a ticking time bomb. Four young boys in Colorado are on a trip from hell. Trapped in a tour group on horsback that is only allowed to travel four miles an hour.  An attempt to make a bad day better becomes a descent into madness on... "I Should Have Never Thought Horseback Riding Would Be Any Better Than Ziplining" Four young boys in Colorado are on a trip from hell.  The fourth graders are in a nightmare they cannot escape. For four elementary school boys, an alrady tragic day becomes a descent into madness on... "I Should Have Never Got On A Goddamn Boat"  After cleaning Cartman's diarrhea and fighting off beavers, the boys have made a terrifying discovery: that boating is just as boring as ziplining. If the boys fall asleep now, from the lack of excitement, they could die.  Four young boys in Colorado are on a trip from hell.  Kenny McCormick has died of boredom. But then, miraculously, the boys' prayers are finally answered.  After nearly four hours in the Colorado wilderness, the boys are finally going home. From the boat, the boys were airlifted aboard Mr. Hankey's magical helicrapter.   he refused to let the tragedy stop him from doing what he loves most. In just two weeks, he was back to drinking Diet Double Dew, defiant to dew the math. 
His wife is having sex with the neighbor.  Tonight at 10, it's a tale of lust, seduction, and murder, on Sexy Betrayals.  
Now let me tell you, child, of a war that is about to come.  My parents will fight on Black Friday as well. For what? I do not know.  
Long ago, in the deep and frozen lands of Scandinavia, there were creatures who wreaked havoc on humanity.  free to attack and then retreat to the darkness. But in Denmark, we have dealt with the trolls before, and now and now, we shall deal with them... again. 
Us Chinese people have always liked things the old fashioned way. We like things a little simpler, a little quieter. And now, there's a new weed that goes along with China's beating heart. Because after a hard day of forced labor, or getting beaten for criticizing the government, we all could use a little time with some good ol'... It's the soul of the American West, right here in mother China. All hail the Communist Party, and all hail Tegridy weed. 
If you're watching this video, then your mom probably had a fecal transplant.  People make fun of what they don't understand.  It's teeming with life. Bacteria and other organisms. They also live on your clothes. Small organisms are everywhere. Now, scratch your balls.  Your microbiome. Creatures live in your teeth. They live on your eyelashes. On your skin. And trillions and trillions live inside your body.  
  It is told that in their beginning, the dwarves was made by Aule in the darkness of Middle-Earth. 
South Park. Back To The Cold War. Starring... Butters! Stephen and Linda Stotch! Melancholy, the horse! And the comedy of Vladimir Putin! 
