Hey Jimmy. So uh, I see you train pretty hard. Weeell uh, maybe I can help you out. You know, there are shortcuts. You know. Steroids. Yeah, sure, but these are new. They don't show up in our urine tests.  twice a day before meals. Uuuh, it isn't cheap. I've gotta keep vice off my back and secure shipments from overseas. Oh, whatever you say, Jimmy my friend.  
I can't stand him, Mimsy. That Jimmy kid makes my fuckin... skin crawl.  Shut up, Mimsssyyy! Listen to me: there is no way that Blue Team is gonna beat Red Team this year at camp. You got that? What we need to do, Mimsy, is use a little brainpower to make sure Blue Team can't compete.  Shut up, Mimsssyyy! Just do what I say, and we can make sure Jimmy Valmer gets what's comin' to him. I've got it, Mimsy. I got a way to win the race and get rid of Jimmy for good. Simple, Mimsy.  We're gonna put a little surprise in the canoe. Not just any snake, Mimsy. It's a Black Mamba. Yes, counselor Steve. I like the fun canoe.  Mimsy, and put it in the canoe. I'm gonna go get our team ready. Good luck, Jimmy. You're gonna need it, you fuckin' asshole. Aaah! Holy shit, Mimsy! What the hell did you do?!  Not in our canoe, Mimsy! I finally got it, Mimsy. I got a way we can kill Jimmy and beat the Blue Team. Simple. We're gonna get Jimmy killed by Native Americans.  It's a fake scavenger hunt map. No, that map leads to the Indian reservation. We switch this with Blue Team's scavenger hunting map, and they'll end up right on the Tardicaca Indian Reservation. Yes, Counselor Steve. I like a scavenger hunt.  Alright Mimsy, now you take this map to the Indian Reservation, and you switch it with Blue Team's map. You got that, Mims? You switch the map! Switch! The map! Because, stupid, now that we have Blue Team's map we can get their scavenger prize too. This doesn't make sense. Why would they make us walk this far? We're handicapped. "Turn left at the..." Wait. Waitaminute, what? What the?  Oh fuck! Mimsy! This is the map to the Indian Reservation! I told you to switch this with the map for the Blue Team! Miiimmmssssyyyy!  AAAAA! I finally got it, Mimsy. I got a way we can get rid of Jimmy once and for all. Simple. We're gonna get Jimmy eaten by a shark.  It's a shark-mating whistle. No, you moron. You go under the water and blow that whistle. You can attract sharks right as Jimmy starts to surf. Yes, Counselor Steve. The beach is warm.   Shut up, Mimsssyyy! Just swim in the water where Jimmy is, then blow that whistle. Mimsy, you didn't do wha' I told you. You fucking idiot! You don't blow a shark mating whistle on dry land! You were supposed to blow it-  eh uh uh... Mimsssyyy! Get this thing off of meee! Get ready, Mimsy. Blue Team is about to go boom.  Shut up, Mimsssyyy! Dammit dammit! Mimsy, get out there and demand the ukulele solo. It's our only chance.  Yeeeah!  Mimsssyyy! You idio', wha' are you doin'? That DOES it! I'm sick and tired of your stupidity, Mimsy! You are the biggest idiot I have ever met! And from now on, if I wanna do something, I'm gonna do it myself!  AAAAAAAA!  No, not the shark again! Not the shark again! I hate you, Jimmy. I fucking hate you with everything in my entire being. Shut up... Mimsssyyy.  
 I won't do it, Mimsy. I won't spend another summer at that stupid camp. We hate camp, Mimsy. The singing, the competitions, Jimmy Valmer getting all the chicks. Shut up, Mimsyyyy! I'm not gonna spend my summer trapped at that camp with these punch-happy assholes. We gotta find a way to put Handicar out of business, and fast. Shh-shh.  Yes, Counselor Steve. We like the tug-of-waaarr. Come on, Mimsy, we gotta figure out how we're gonna make Handicar a thing of the past. His name is Timmy Burch.  And if you don't do something quick, you're all gonna be out of work for good. Just someone who doesn't like to see hard workers like yourselves lose their jobs. That's all. Just ignore my friend. He's mentally disabled. Now listen, everybody. If you're a sheepherder, and there's a snake taking away your sheep, what do you do to the snake? No, you fucking moron! You kill... the snake!  Just imagine it, Mimsy. A whole summer to ourselves to do what we want. It's going to be awesome.  Well well, hello gentlemen. I understand you've taken care of our little problem? Oh boy, that's great-wait, you what?? Let me give you guys a hot news flash: If you want to hurt a crippled kid, you don't break his FUCKING LEGS! How can people be so ineffectual, Mimsy? These are supposed to be men who care about their occupations.  Shut up, Mimsyyyy! Hey Timmy, it's your friend from camp, Nathan. Listen, you can't possibly handle all this business you're getting. Admit it. You've got more customers than you can handle. I've got an amazing idea. Why don't you let other people drive Handicars too? Think of all the money you could raise for camp if you expand your business. I'm sure you could find a lot of interested drivers. That's great. Summer camp, here we come.  Now kiss your business goodbye, asshole! It's very simple, Mimsy. I'm gonna take down Handicar by being an employee who sexually harasses the passengers. It's simple. If you're a sheepherder and a snake is killing your sheep, you just need to have the snake get sued for sexual misconduct. Now, you find me a female passenger on that app and leave the rest to me.  So, let me ask you a question. Would you like to see my dick? Uh oh! Mimsy! Hel- help, Mimsy!  I had a handicap way before you got paid to have one! Shut up Mimsyyy! Of course. It's very simple. If you're a sheepherder, and a snake is killing all your sheep, how do you get rid of the snake? You are. Handicar.   Hey Timmy. How is the fundraising for camp going?  We are doing some fundraising too. Have you heard of my friend Elon Musk from Tesla? Hey, how would you like to have a friendly little race? It would be great publicity for your fundraising and for ours. Whattaya say, Timmy? A friendly race this Saturday? We'll see you at 9am sharp.  Slow down. I need Timmy to pick up the passenger before we do. He can't just lose the race, he has to get sued and lose the whole business. That's why when he picks up the passemger, I've got a little surprise waiting for him.  Hey Mimsy.  That's it! Handicar has the passenger! We're almost in range! Another hundred feet!  Goodnight, you son of a bitch!  Mimsy! I told you to put the explosives under Timmy's seat! Not that fake soft-spoken douchebag that everyone loves!  Yeah I like to sleep at nighttime. Wait!  Wait, Mom? Can we talk? This is very difficult, Mom. But um... You know how every year I go to summer camp? Well, I hate it. I hate it and I don't want to go anymore. What's to understand? I'm telling you I don't want to that stupid camp anymore! No! I don't wanna go to camp! No! That's not what I fucking said!  Goddamnit, now I can't even see! Ow!  Oh! Aah! Mimsy! 
 I like apples and bananas. It hurts my feelings because I feel bad. That word makes my heart piss its pants. I'm afraid of bears.  What do you mean, Jimmy? Are you ma-ad? Oh Jimmy. So righteous, aren't you? So blind to everything that's going on. Do you really think all the changes happening to this town are just coincidence? This goes so much deeper than you can possibly imagine, Jim. Everyone's about to learn the truth. And then... There's a war coming. A war, Jim. And I'm just gonna make sure I'm on the right side of it. I like to smell trees!  Ooooh boy! I think this will be the beginning of a beautiful friendship. 
I like the school paper. I like to type with my hands.  Uhhh. Uhhh. Uhhh, I don't remember. Uhhh. Uhhh, I like the school paper.  Ahh, thanks, computer. Jimmy. I was just holding down the fort while you were away, Jim. Please, Jimmy, I'm just trying to survive here. Hey there, big man. Editor of the school paper, huh? You still don't even know half the story. 
Well? How do you like my new apartment? Huh. Everyone's gettin' one of these now, Jim. Nobody knows whom to trust. Don't you kinda wish you'd had one back when Leslie betrayed you and nearly beat you to death? You see, I've got expensive tastes, Jimmy. I like good food.  Have you been introduced to my current girlfriend? All I had to do was work for the ads and I got everything I wanted. My own loft, with all of ShiTpaTown right at my doorstep. All it took was some PC and the whole thing was set in motion. What is PC but a verbal form of gentrification? Spruce everything up, get rid of all the ugliness in order to create a false sense of paradise. Only one thing can actually live in that world. Ads.  Oh, you're gonna sponsor my content some more, baby? I'm all ears. Here it is, Jimmy. Hot off the presses. The newest edition of Super School News, hitting the streets tomorrow. Not what happened, what's going to happen. The final sweeping underneath the rug. By this time tomorrow nobody will be asking questions ever again. The ads will have won. And I will be... The man.  Shut up Classiii! What? Hang on, Classi, I'm sorry. 
For our science fait project, we will be showing the destructive force of nature by simulating a volcano! With vinegar and baking soda, we will make this paper-mâché volcano EXPLODE. With the power and fury of Mount Kilauea. Our science fair project is sure to be... a blast. Get it? A. Blast. We've done it, Mimsy. We're gonna win the science fair for sure. And then, every chick in this school is gonna wanna have sex with us.  Not those chicks, numbskull. I'm talkin' 'bout bitches. You know what girls like? They like winners. And when we win the science fair, we're gonna be up to our ears in pussy. Well hello, gentlemen. Thought we'd stop by to see how your- science fair project is going.  So what are you guys workin' on? Oh. Water bears.   What? Uh what are you talking about? What-? How-?  Where the fuck did you learn about these things? Well, not really, because the science fair is supposed to be an experiment. I fail to see what the experiment is here.  Shhh, shut the fuck up!  Mimsy, do you know what Jimmy is? He's a cock blocker. Every time I come up with a way to score with the ladies, there's Jimmy tryin' to one-up me. This science fair is supposed to finally make us successful enough to get chicks. ...  Well hello there, ladies. We just wanted to remind you  that this weekend is the Special Ed Science Fair. Yeah, that's right. Pretty soon you'll all be impressed with what you see. Hope you can make it.  Did you see that, Mimsy? The way those girls bit their bottom lips when I said "science fair"? We're about to be drowning in muff. Special Ed class isn't for another two hours. What? What's goin' on?  What social advancement? The hokey pokey?  You've gotta be fucking kidding me. Gentlemen, perhaps I can interest you in a lava volcano. You won't believe your eyes when I add some simple baking soda. This is bullshit! The Special Ed Science Fair is turning into a lovefest for Jimmy and Timmy's project! They're gonna get all the fame and glory!  Mimsy and I did some experimenting with the water bears on our own. It was us who made them evolve, so we should be the ones working for the government. Ahhh, Iii see the box.  What, what's in the box? Uhhh, they're just walkin' around and ubb, oh wait! They appear to be interested in the box. Oh! Uh okay, Jesus Christ! Hey, uh wait a minute! The water bears have changed again. I think it's working. Wha-ah? Don't listen to them. Give the water bears to me. I deserve all the fame and bitches. 
Steaming accounts and passwords! Steaming accounts! Passwords! Hey. What's going on? Maybe I do, and maybe I don't. Are you a cop? Never heard of you. Oh, yeah. Well, in that case,  Hulu? Netflix? HBO Max? I got all the accounts and passwords you need. Oh, you want the good stuff. That's pricey. Hard to find. What uh-are you lookin' to trade? Oh. Oh God. Oh! Ohhhhhhh!  Disney+ account and password. 
