And so it appears that the local farmer's market could be soon facing complete closure. In other news tonight, a South Park bio company is coming under fire for genetically engineering body parts onto laboratory mice. This picture of a mouse  genetically altered to grow a human ear has already sparked waves of protest. But the scientists say the process could help thousands of people who've become disfigured and need ears or noses. 
Several whales and dolphins were again slaughtered by the Japanese today, this time at the Six Flags Discovery Kingdom near San Francisco.  Aquariums had been experimenting with methods to keep the Japanese out, but so far nothing seems to stop them. When asked if all of Japan supported the slaughtering of whales and dolphins, the current Prime Minister of Japan, Yukio Hatoyama, had this to say: 
A new movement in South Park is bringing to question the word "fag". Gay groups are pointing out that the word no longer means to kids today what it meant just a few years ago.   ...more and more Harley riders are deciding to ride elsewhere. 
It is being called the most disgusting, foul, sickening book ever written, and it is also being called "literary genius." ''The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs'' hit the shelves this weekend, and so far no one has been able to get through the first paragraph without vomiting. The book has already sold millions of copies worldwide aaand has been translated into twenty six languages. The book is changing the literary world. And it is all thanks... to Leopold "Butters" Stotch.  
And the first new e-mail since the internet was erased was successfully went out at 6 a.m. today. The honor went to a Mr. Dave Beckett of Boca Raton, Florida. 
A brutal act of terror in an American town. Tonight, innocent people were attacked at their homes, in their yards, and the FBI believes they know who is responsible. The probable suspect?  Uhuh. Yeah, that's right. Joining me now is Commander Miller of National Defense. Waa huhaugh. Aaagh. Oohh! Uh, look. Captain, uh... Captain, what made Mexican Joker this way? Why is Mexican Joker so... filled with hate? 
It has become the most popular burger in Colorado. The plant-based Tegridy Burger is changing the way people think about food.  All over the state, people are turning vegan and eating more ethical sustainable meat. 
