What? Thi-ird Uhuhuhow. 
 eats at your soul. Just to make life more miserable for the conformists.  Yeah, happiness dies.  Whoa, whoa! Dude! Those last two lines aren't Goth!  You can't be a non-conformist if you don't drink coffee.  Yeah. Why don't you just go back to your Justin Timberlake and your homework, you conformist asshole?  You just don't know what real pain is. I'm not gonna live in a Third-World country with all the conformists. Another life of pain.  Yeah. We're gonna go to the graveyard and write poems about death and how pointless life is. Yeah. 
Dance troupe? Please.  Goth kids dance to express pain and suffering.  No way. Dancing is something you do alone in your room at three in the morning. I'm not doin' it. Being in a dance group is totally conformist. Yeah. We just got Goth-served. 
Hey, get out of here, you fuckin' dork! 
 Did she just call us emos? And you're gonna... just let that guy... beat up on your woman? Doesn't that, like, go against your jockey man code or something?   Yeah, I guess you've dodged a bullet, Galahad. It's about freaking time.  
What the hell are those kids doing? Are they trying to be Goth? So, all of a sudden you Justin and Britney wannabes think it's cool to dress like us? Really. Do you guys even smoke?  Oh my God. All right, Count Fagula, you go do that.   What? Hey. Hey! We aren't vampire kids, we're freakin' Goths! More preppy straight-A students turning into vampires. What the hell is going on? ...Oh my God. You've got the wrong flippin' people. We aren't trying to be popular! Let's just face it: they bogarted our style! Everyone's gonna think we're trying to be butthole vampires now. We might as well go to the freakin' Gap and just buy normal clothes.  Well, at least nobody can refer to us as vampire kids now.   Let's get out of these freakin' Gap clothes. It's like, there's more vampire kids every freakin' day. Why is this happening, I mean... why now? Whattaya mean? Does your mom know you took her car? Yeah, pull over here.  Well, if he's a vampire, I guess we should drive a stake through his heart. If we get the right packaging, we can just FedEx him somewhere far way. No, he'd probably see it as something to brag about someday to his little vampire buddies. They aren't Goth! They're douchey little vampire kids! I bet they aren't even drinking coffee. Forget it! It's over, all right? There's too many of them now. We can't stop them. Let's just face it. Freakin' vampires beat us. What are you talking about? Awww, Hot Topic? When did this open? How did we not figure that out? Of course a new Hot Topic must have come to town. Duh! Let's get to it.  You should probably get out of here.   
I'm so freaking stoked that Cthulhu is gonna squash all the happy-go-lucky conformists.  Do you think the dark lord Cthulhu is gonna make us go to school? Good, because if I have to go to PE class again, I was gonna kill myself.  Who the F'n H is that? It means Cthulhu is gonna get rid of all the posers and make everything cool and black and stuff. It's gonna be like, a Nine Inch Nails concert that goes on forever. Hardcore goth. Whaaat? Dude, I don't wanna kill anybody. Ugh, whatevs.  
I thought that when Cthulhu rose from the dead all was gonna be darkness and pain. I thought at least school would be canceled. Not our god. He promised everything would change if we worshiped him, but we're still sitting here smoking cigarettes like before  It's like Obama all over again. Cthulhu isn't alive or dead, alright? Luckyyy... 
 
<poem><i>Ugly! (ugly ugly ugly ugly)</i></poem> 
But, you know, to make a long story short, I woke up this morning and-   
Whoa... That's pretty hardcore.  And that's all you know? what else did she say?  Oh my God, for two weeks?  Whoa... Oh my God! They're totally different! They're, uhm, you know, one is good and- and emos are horrible!  They're, you know... They're posers! That's a huge fucking difference! This fuckin' bitch, man. Goth's darkness is nihilistic whereas Emo's is cynical. No, see, you're nihilistic. What if she comes back, and she's all preppy and conformist? What the hell have they done to you? Nothing. It's like she's a totally different person.  Uugh, how could she hang out with them??  Hello? What is? Everything?  No way. I never thought it would end like this. I never thought that Goths would just be slowly replaced by Emos.  I promise. Not now, lady, we're really depressed. This is different, okay?! Our two friends are being bodysnatched by Emos!  There's only one other group who understands Emos like we do. We're gonna have to team up with the Vampires.  What choice do we have?! Yeah I remember. And it may be a suicide mission, but we have to walk right in the middle of the Vampires, and ask them for help. Ugh! You spit on me, Larry.  Uhh, hey everybody, uuhm, I know we aren't on the greatest terms right now. We realize we called you all queermos, and we're sorry we burned down the Hot Topic at the mall. But, uhhh, we have a bigger problem here, and it's ALL of our problem. Yeah, shut up Mike. Listen, okay? There's a camp that kids like us are being sent to, a-and somehow this place is taking kids like us and... turning them Emo.  Yeah. You might not even be able to tell at first. It could have already happened. One of you might already be turned. Uhhhhh, right. You know Henrietta; that thing in there is not Henrietta! We can't just go in there and kick their asses. We have to stop this thing at its source. This, is your plan? Try to summon Edgar Allan Poe back from the dead?! No, he was the original Goth, but he'd been dead for 150 years! Look, we came to you for help, and all you've done since then is waste our time!  Uhhhhh, okayokay, listen: there's this camp for troubled kids, right? Only they aren't helping kids, they're, they're purposefully turning them into Emos. Right! Thank you! I'm just saying it's nice to know that Edgar Allan Poe agrees with us. Okay, look, we're running out of time. You have to help us stop the Emos. Uh, yeah, it kind of does. Alright, listen up. Once we find our friend, we've gotta torch the place and get out. Cut it out, Edgar! It's annoying everybody! Michael?! You here? Dude! Michael, are you okay? Alright, we're gonna get you out of here, and then we're gonna burn this whole place down.  Ugh! Let us go, you ultimate conformists! Wait a minute. Where the hell is Edgar Allan Poe? What?!  What the hell are you doing?! You're supposed to be helping us! Look, we  summoned you to help us save the world! God, he is such a downer!  Nightpayne! Destroy the plant leader! The leader over there!  Hey, these ''are'' just plants. What??   Did you know about this? Uhhhh, Henrietta, we have some bad news. The plants you think took over your body and made you emo? They're just plants.  From Lowe's Home and Garden. Ahh, hang on. What I meant to say was  we just infiltrated the Emo lair and... we torched the plant leader. 
Uhhh, we're just gonna wait until the PS4s become cheaper and more available. What's VHS? 
 Hey uh, excuse me? The uh, XBox fighters are here and they say they wanna switch sides? Yeah, we know. We're with the wedding. 
How am I gonna look my kids in the eyes, Strong? Since they were born, we've taught them to accept and fight for those who are marginalized. That there's no gray area when it comes to inclusion and acceptance. When I go back, all they're gonna see is a big, fat hypocrite. And now I've just used a word to shame people with weight issues.  I didn't shove him - her - for being trans. I shoved her because she's your ex-boyfriend and she's being a dick. Do you think the PC babies will see the nuance?/But they're right, Strong. I shoved a trans person. No matter what, I have no right to judge her. Do you think- Could you try to explain it to the babies? Then I've really got only one thing I can do. I have to try and make things right with Heather Swanson. No, Ms. Swanson. I just wanna get it over with.  I... I don't understand. You're right! They realize that raising a gender-based issue of strength doesn't necessarily make one a bigot or a bully. All this time we were worried what the PC babies would think. 
I was wondering if maybe sometime, well I could show around if you need it.  Yeah, a lot of the guys here are posers though. You gotta be careful. Oh yeah, he's a total poser.  Scottsdale. Love it there. Ow! Watch it, dork! Yeah, sure thing.  
