This is not good. It makes our country look poor and stupid. You know what to do.  
Uh Mr. and Mrs. Thompson, as President of the South Park Milk Company, I want to apologize personally for printing that falsified picture on our milk cartons. Ye-yes, but here at South Park Milk we strive for excellence. For instance, we are now entering the extraction room.  That's why some say South Park milk tastes like you're suckin' it right from the cow's tits yourself.  Really? Well. And in here we have our Missing Child Resource Center.  Yes. With the Kelrom 4000, Mrs. Garthunk can search a database of over 30 million missing child cases. So you actually haven't seen your son in over 20 years? Well, why don't we let Mrs. Garthunk do her work, and I'll take you two out for some good old Colorado chili.  And so it is with great pride that we have flown little Billy Thompson out here, to be reunited with his parents for the first time in twenty years.  Come around here, Ben!  Isn't this wonderful? 
I've waited... forty-two years... for this day. Don't you all see what this means? There was only one person who EVER registered OT9 in the history of our church.  Hello young man. I'm the head of Scientology. It is...  a great honor to meet you! We've been looking for your son for a long time, Mr. Marsh. He is the reincarnation of our church's most famous prophet. Scientologists the world over are simply rejoicing at his second coming. We're not asking him to join us, we're asking him... to lead us. Yes, John Travolta and Tom Cruise are big Scientologists. Do you believe me nooow?  Young man, I know you don't remember it,but... your name was L. Ron Hubbard. You revealed the secret that began the whole Church of Scientology. Please, understand, we just want what is best for your son. The reincarnation of L. Ron Hubbard must be taken care of. He had many enemies. Yes. But he was also a prophet... who knew the secret truth about the nature of life. We want to reveal to Stan the great secret of life behind our church. The safely-guarded Scientology doctrine. Please, your son deserves to be enlightened. Would you excuse us, please? This is highly classified church information. Usually, to hear the secret doctrine, you have to be in the church for several years, Stan.  Are you ready to hear the truth? You see, Stan, there is a reason for people feeling sad and depressed.  An alien reason. It all began 75 million years ago. Back then there was a galactinc federation of planets which was ruled over by the evil Lord Xenu. Xenu thought his galaxy was overpopulated,  The frozen alien bodies were loaded onto Xenu's galactic cruisers, which looked like DC-8s, except with rocket engines. The cruisers then took the frozen alien bodies to our planet, to Earth, and dumped them into the volcanoes of Hawaii.  The aliens were no longer frozen, they were dead. The ''souls'' of those aliens, however, lived on, and all ''floated up'' towards the sky. But the evil Lord Xenu had prepared for this. Xenu didn't ''want'' their souls to return! And so he built giant soul-catchers in the sky!  is pick up where he left off. Neither did L. Ron when he started. He said he just closed his eyes, and wrote down whatever came to mind. You can do the same. Just let it flow. I know. We've sent Nicole Kidman up there to see if she can help. Yes... Yes, oh this is great, Stan! Yes, of course! So wonderful! Yes, of course!  What?  What are you, stupid?! Then how do we make money from those people?! Wait a minute, whoa, whoa! You don't actually believe this crap, do you?? Dummy! Brainwashed alien souls?? E-meters and thetan levels?? Those people out there buy that crap and I thought YOU were smart enough to see what was really going on! What's better than telling people a stupid story and having them believe you?!  Having them PAY you for it, stupid! Because if those people all think you're the reincarnation of L. Ron Hubbard, then they'll all buy your new writings, and you and I together will make three million dollars! That's how the scam works! But this is a scam on a global scale! Do you fucking get me now?!  Then keep writing, L. Ron! Your people are waiting. My fellow Scientologists! Our prophet has finished his new doctrine, and will now read some passages before making it available to you all for a nominal fee.  Huh, what? Yeah, you think you can say our religion is a lie?! We'll sue you, buddy! Ho, now you're puttin' words in MY mouth! You are ''so sued!'' How dare you mock our faith, you little punk?! You'll be hearing from our lawyers tomorrow! You are so sued, kid! We're going to! 
Fellow board members, we have a problem: somebody in the World of Warcraft is ignoring the World's rules...and is going around killing innocent players.. We can't. Whoever this player is, he has played World of Warcraft so much, that he has reached a level we thought unreachable. He's actually able to ''kill'' our admins. And he grows stronger every day. Jim, your kids' characters are already dead.  Only one kind. Whoever this player is, he has played World of Warcraft nearly every hour of every day for the past year and a half. Gentlemen, we are dealing with someone here who...has absolutely no life. What? Yes. And it won't be long before everyone gets really really frustrated and stops playing altogether. Gentlemen, this could very well lead to the end of the World...of Warcraft. My God...they must have no lives at all. A chance. The admins tell us they are four players from a small town in Colorado. Apparently it could cause 120 damage per second, with an instant mana burn and an enchantment that boosts its stamina +80. Soltzman. He's an accountant. Behold, the Sword of a Thousand Truths.  We must get this sword to the ones who have proven they have no life. Let's just hope to Christ they don't start the battle before we can reach them. Where is he?! Sir, we don't have time! We just heard from our admins that your son's party is already in battle! We're too late. Without the sword the players will fail. I don't have a World of Warcraft account. Do you? Our world is saved!  
And what do you base this on? 
We started Sooper Foods to give people a place to buy groceries that was fun and safe. We are not canceling our Easter Egg hunt because of some wild story! 
Hello. In an effort to comfort the anguished cries or children everywhere, your local cable company has decided to drop all networks that sexualize spousal homicides from regular programming. Customers still wishing to view true-crime networks will now need to purchase a separate package  which will require a technician to service your cable box every night from 2 to 3 am. and must include the purchase of 300 channels in Portuguese. We realize this may be an inconvenience to you, and we hope you will voice ALL your concerns to us, because at your local cable company the customer is always... our bitch. 
Ish, ish, ish, o-ish, haishooo!   Tanoshikatta ne. (Yeah, it was fun.) Eh? Nani kore, tsukareta yo. (What? I'm tired!) Hai.  Sony PS4 no urazuke. Zenbu. Domo sumimasen.  Sore kara kono gifuto de Princess no Pawaa agemashou  Ima kara ... Princess Kenny! 
 Okay, I love it so far. And it's like a back and forth kind of thing? It's sort of like a-? On you. Got it! Welcome to Netflix, you sons of bitches. YEAH! 
