We've got to do it, J. Your ratings are being killed by the ''Jimbo and Ned Hunting Show''. Wuhell, you'd better care, Mr. Smarty Pants. No ratings means no show. If you want to keep reaching out to people, you ''have'' to keep up with the times. Remember, big, big, big!. Jesus! We're in trouble. ''The Jimbo and Ned Show'' made up some ridiculous staring frog story and jumped another two points in the ratings! I don't know. We'll have to continue with the changes we've made, and then go even further. Remember, big, big, ''big!'' Ooh, no, no, no, no! This is the biggest publicity stunt I've ever seen! ''Damn'', those hunters are clever! It's genius, it really is. Hell, I even want to watch them hunt the Mexican staring frog. Unless...  Unless we can prove to the City world that the whole thing is a sham. If we prove that the Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka is just something..made up by Jimbo and Ned, we can have them taken off the air. Perhaps even killed!  Oh, J. You are so omnipotent, and yet so naive. We'll launch a full investigation, and in the meantime, we can cash in on the video tapes. Good. Okay. Okay, bye! Good news, everybody. This week's ratings are through the roof! We're up to twenty people! No, but I do. We're now the highest-rated show on Mountain Cable Access! God bless the Mexican staring frog! We'll start with a two-shot of you and Ned getting your equipment together and-- What is it? He is? You getting all this? Get the Flight for Life helicopter!  Oh, this is not good. You're ''corpses'' out here! We need a lot more action from everybody! Like, go ahead and tell how your nephew Stan takes drugs and worships Satan. And you kids! I didn't bring you on this show to be boring. Somebody get pissed off and throw a chair at Ned here. Remember, you all start to fight ''after'' the chair is thrown. That's your cue. What is this? ''What's happening?!''  Oooooohhhh! Noooooo! 
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! I win! You lose! Chef Aid is over, and you didn't raise near enough money to pay Cochran's legal fees. Ha-ha-ha-ha, I win! No!  Noooooooo! 
 Damnit, Mitch. How come our movie studio can't come up with any winners? I mean, we're smart, right? We need an idea for a movie that's a home run. A feel-good romp for the whole family.  Mitch, are you thinkin' what I'm thinkin'?  Gentlemen, this little boy was kind enough to let us show you his robot. The AWESOM-O 4000.  I've already seen what it can do. It's not? Well, regardless, I believe maybe this automatron can help us come up with new movie ideas. Watch this: AWESOM-O, given the current trends of the movie-going public can you come up with an idea for a movie that will break a hundred million box office? Great, AWESOM-O, great. Uh guys, take a break. I need a minute alone with AWESOM-O. You are an incredible robot, AWESOM-O. I was just wondering... are you by chance a... pleasure model? Well, have you been programmed to... satisfy... urges of humans? Let me show you what I mean.  
Mr. Stallone says he's sorry it couldn't go better for you back there. Mr. Stallone thinks your singer has a lot of talent.  it brings tears to his eyes. Uh, Mr. Stallone wants Wing to sing at his son's wedding. He'll pay her four thousand dollars.  Be at this address tomorrow 2 p.m. sharp. And don't be late.  
I like it. That's these boys playing? That's pretty Goddamned impressive.  Listen, boys, I'm having a huge celebrity party at my giant mansion tonight. Why don't you come by as my honorary new artists? Oh yes, all the biggest stars in Colorado are here. Everyone? Everyone, this is Stan and Kyle. They just broke a hundred thousand points on Guitar Hero.  Please enjoy yourselves, there's lots more coke and sex in the house. Would you boys like to meet him? Jay, I want you to meet Stan and Kyle. They broke a hundred thousand points on Guitar Hero. You boys know Tom Shane from the Shane Company Diamond Store commercials? You remember these boys, Tom. They're gonna break a million points live at the video arcade in a few weeks. How are they coming? 
 I hear you guys play at Autumnfest. I really like your sound. Well I'm a producer. I manage all the big rock bands in South Park. PC Babies... All of them!. Records? What, are you, kids, from the '90s!? There's no money in albums or singles or even tours anymore. What we need to focus on... is your biopic. PC Babies' biopic came out last week. Made over $100 million! Well I'll just let you guys think on it, but don't take too long, huh? What makes a band truly great? It's the desire to be heard, and a commitment to a three-act structure that has a 20-minute setup, about an hour and a half of conflict, and a big, triumphant resolution. SO, let's start at the beginning, gang. When did your band first form? That's good, that's good.  "Lost a close friend. Put loneliness into lyrics."  "Inner conflict over direction of band." Good. Oh no oh OH oh yeah, no no, we don't wanna go there. Talking about the Dalai Lama doesn't go over well with the Chinese. Look, for this movie to really make money, we need to make sure it clears the Chinese censors, you know. We want those Chinese viewers.. Oh it's okay, there's plenty of other things to talk about with your story. How about, uh, what kind of things were you into when you were younger? Okay-oh no. Nonono, that's definitely off-limits. Winnie the Pooh is illegal in China because some Chinese students said that he looked like the Chinese president, Hey, you wanna move away from your family, right? You wanna be successful on your own, right? All right. Well, you know what they say you gotta lower your ideals of freedom if you wanna suck on the warm teat of China. Cut! Cut! Listen, guys, we uh just got word back from the Chinese censors. They don't want us mentioning organ transplants. Well, they've been accused of harvesting from the-look look, it doesn't matter. They, they just said "no" to the organ stuff. Oh, and uhh, no homosexuality either. Nothing. Unless you wanna make money in China. Now come on! Everyone back to one! Cut! Cut! Cut, cut.  Ah kids, let's not say anything about this being a free country. Hey! These guys were nice enough to come all the way from China to help us with our standards. We can at least listen to their notes.  Actually gang, we need to rewrite the whole second act. Come on, guys! Everyone else is fine with China approving our entertainment. Even the PC Babies don't seem to mind, and PC Babies cry about everything.  They just gotta rewrite the script before we continue shooting. Go back to your room and just write your story. It has to come from your heart. No, it's good, kids! They're loving it! 
