Barbrady, I just caught some guy in here having sex with one of my chickens. Naw, I didn't see anything. It just happened so fast.  What does it say? Dammit, Barbrady, what the hell's wrong with you? Every time somethin' happens in this town, you say "Nothin' to see here", and "Case closed." But we want justice. We have to find this sicko! For what? Orderly conduct? I'm not fishin'. 
Be careful with old Bob here. He ain't much for a-ridin' anymore, but he's all I got. Well, have fun, boys. 
Oh, I got a barn it can stay in. It ain't much, but it's heated. 
 Well, the way I see it, if he really is who he says he is, well then he'd better do somethin' on New Year's Eve, 'cause it's in the Bible! 
What kind of turkey are you lookin' for? Well, I ain't got a whole lot left, it bein' almost Thanksgiving and all.   Oh, that one's a little messed up. Not exactly the... pick of the litter. Yeah. Best you not take that one. I was just about to take it out in the yard and putt a bullet in its head. Fifty bucks. I know! Now I gotta find somethin' else to shoot. I've got a one-legged pig if you'd like, too. 
Hello, boys and girls. My name is Rancher Bob. 
Oh yeah. There he is. That's Jeffy. Well, that's 'cause it needs music. Here y-here ya go, Jeffy. 
Now let me get this straight: You want four horses, one for each of ya? Well I think we can set ya up. Step right out here, we'll get you going.  
Uh... these are local cows, yes. Uh, that's right over there.  
I read super school news 'cause it don't try and fool me and it's news reports aren't paid for by ad companies. 
You mean like someone put their balls in the glass? I just can't keep up with this town no more. Everything's gettin' all nice and fancy. I swear I'm gonna need to get a second mortgage on the ranch just to pay muh daily expenses. 
What'r you doin' you sonofabitch? I'm the biggest cattle rancher in South Park. I made ma livin' 62-odd years before you fancy plant growers done showed up and put me out of a job! I got 300 cows that the world suddenly decided they got no use fer! What am I supposed to do with them?! Put them in a zoo?! What they gonna do now? Go start some cow circus?! Go make some cow TV show?! You are single-handedly making cows extinct! You got a plan for 'em all? Fine!  Yeah, don't worry. He cares about the environment, so he could figure out what to do with you. No, fuck you, sumbitch! They're your problem now! It's all done, sir. You'll have everything you need. 
