Come on, this is a great lineup. I don't think you're really in a position to turn down this kind of gig. I understand your son gave all your savings to Canada. I'm sorry. Freemium gaming destroys lives. I lost my father to Candy Crush.  You're nervous, it's understandable. You think those people out there care what you sound like? You're just another female pop star. Just go out there, pump your hips and rub your clit. Alright that's enough!  Look at yourselves! What are you talking about? It's great! You're the most commented-on artist in the world right now! You're blowing up twitter and you're trending on CartmanBrah. #clitnubbin It's not about the music, Lorde! It never was. It's about comments! And sister, you've got 'em! We paid a lot of money for that hologram. You'd better find a way to get it back! What is Project Alpha? What is that? Sit down, Lorde.  The old ways are dying. We're not making money off records, we're making money off tweets. And you've taken it to a whole new level. On the contrary. Lorde is going on the Jimmy Fallon show tonight and exposing her asshole for everyone to freak out about. Who said anything about you?  Today, commentary IS the content. And you, I'm afraid, are just in the way.  It's a brave new world, starting much sooner than we thought. What we need is someone who truly gets the changing of the guard. We have an army of holograms poised to start the next chapter in American culture. How would you like to be in charge of it all? Glad you feel that way. We have a lot to do together. We're about to take this to a whole new level. 
And we still have no idea where the damned hologram is? We got one shot at this, people! This  has to be the holiday special to end all holiday specials! He's got his finger on the pulse of young America. People, you know what we're trying to do here.  We're trying to finally create entertainment that reaches the younger generation, that unites the young with the old. That means being hip, being now. There, you see that? "Blumpkin catchers." Do any of you even know what that means? This kid is our way to connect with the youth of America, and I'm gonna give him all the power he needs. Excellent. I'm just about to deal with our last order of business now. No no, thank you!  It's me. I've got somethin' you might be interested in. I've got your son here, Lorde. If you don't cooperate, he dies. It was five years ago that I... became a grandpa. At first it was wonderful. I wanted to show my grandson everything. Teach him all about the entertainment business. One day I aasked him, "Who's your favorite celebrity?" You know what he said to me? He said, "PeewwDiePie." I had no idea who   I AM NOT A GRANDPAAA! Damn it, you're ruining the show!  Shut him down! This is not what I hired you for! I CONTROL TALENT, DAMNIT! This is crazy and everyone is watching everything! 
