...and so, just weeks after the devastating attack of mutant genetic creatures, zombies, and Thanksgiving turkeys, the town of South Park has managed to rebuild itself, once again be- Oh, Goddammit, not again! 
As more and more cities are affected by the growing ash and the death toll rises to 3,000... ...people from all over the country are looking to the Mayor of South Park for answers. ...And it appears as if the Mayor is going to explain matters now. 
And so on this 15th day of what is considered to be the most important trial of the...day, Johnnie Cochran has appeared to defend Capitalist Records. The question now is, will Cochran use his famous "Chewbacca defense"? In a teary-eyed courtroom, Johnnie Cochran has just finished his closing arguments, and, as anticipated, he did use the Chewbacca defense. Whether or it worked... is up to the jury to decide. Chef, how does it feel to be a free man and finally have your name credited on the song, "Stinky Britches"? So, what are you gonna do now? 
We interrupt this broadcast for a news bulletin.  Mass murderer and extremely nasty person Charles Manson has escaped from prison! Manson was the man responsible for seven murders in the late '60's. Manson has never shown any signs of remorse for his crimes. If you see Manson, please kick his ass and smash his fucking face in for me, and then call the police. And now back to the game. A high speed car chase is happening right now on interstate 3. We go now to our live sky-fi helicopter. 
What about the prehistoric ice man? Dr. Mephesto, could you ''please'' tell us what's going on? Fascinating news tonight from South Park. An ancient discovery of a prehistoric man actually ''frozen in ice''. A team of scientists continues to try and unfreeze the body so that it can be autopsied, and studied. The caveman was discovered by Kyle Broflovski, who had this to say: The prehistoric ice man is thought to be from the late neo-post-Jurassic era, where he was probably part of a hunting and gathering tribe that lived on Waterston Street. 
As sexual harassment lawsuits increase all over the state, the mother of all trials is set to begin. The sexual harassment case of Everyone vs. Everyone begins tomorrow. No matter what the outcome, the public schools are sure to lose at least a whopping $30 million. Representing the side of Everyone is Gerald Broflovski, the lawyer from South Park who plans to make quite a commission. Representing the side of Everyone Else is Gerald Broflovski. So whatever the outcome, things look very bright for Kyle's dad. Personally, I think Kyle's dad is just a whore, taking advantage of everyone in town and...  This just in! Newscaster Kevin McCarty is being sued by Kyle's dad for slander. The newscaster has yet to be reached for comment. Wait... 
Tom, I'm standing in front of a house where a religious cult is planning to commit mass suicide when the meteor shower starts. Just moments ago, a couple emerged from the house.  According to the ATF, the couple refused to cooperate, then pulled out very big guns and started shooting everyone. The ATF had no choice but to shoot the insane couple, and now a standoff has ensued. The ATF commander tells us that he has reason to believe there may be children inside and that they are the primary concern of all. There are choppers here along with several tanks.  The commander is very concerned about what the mood is inside. We just received a photo from the recon team of the action inside the house  showing evidence that there are indeed innocent children trapped inside. Those sick cult fanatic bastards! I'm standing now with Danny Ganz, the commander of the ATF. Commander, what is the latest? So what are your plans, commander? Setting them on fire seems a little dangerous, commander. For hours now, the ATF has tried to communicate with the religious fanatics inside this house. The meteor shower is expected to begin at any moment, and so time is running out.  Excuse me, but what proof do you have that those people inside are religious fanatics? Uh yes, but you totally screwed up Waco. You killed a bunch of innocent people and then tried to say they killed themselves. Yes. Huh? , proving that the people inside are not cultists after all. 
''And now, for a special announcement from the President of the United States.'' 
...And she was forced to live off her own feces for several days. In national news, , who is known for his guerrilla-fighting and leadership skills. 
Tomorrow the whole world will be tuning in as over 4 million children play "My Country 'Tis Of Thee" on their recorders.  It is by far the largest gathering of little plastic recorders in human history. Yoko Ono has... Words to live by.  Tom, I'm standing in New York City, but it could just as well be any town on Earth right now. The desolation, the damage is exactly the same in every city the whole world over. It's been just under 20 hours since everyone on Earth pooped their pants, and people still roam their damaged homes with disbelief, and loss. Rick? 
Tom, I'm standing at the home in South Park where five precious little girls have been rescued from Romania. Their mother passes away some months ago, and then their grandmother died trying to bring them here. But all is well now, and people are coming from all over the country to view the little tykes. , you can feed them fishsticks. Tom, it looks like these cute little girls have made it out of that armpit of a country they call Romania. Yes, luckily for them, these quintuplets no longer have to live in Romania, the asshole of the world.  Back to you, Tom. Tom, it is now Easter morning, and as the U.S. government promised, they are here to take the girls back to their father in Romania. Rumor has it that Janet Reno herself will be extraditing the quintuplets.  
 Tom, I'm standing out front of the South Park Mayor's Office, where both sides of this debate have gathered. Earlier, the South Park townspeople voiced ''their'' opinion. Well, one things for sure, tensions are high and pressure is mounting on the South Park Mayor to do something.  What's this? Uh, Tom, it looks as if the KKK have shown up to express their opinion. Should the Klan be allowed to rally on the steps of the Capitol? Here's what some people think. On Friday, South Park Elementary will present its debate, and after the debate, there will finally be a vote. Preliminary polls show three in favor of changing the flag, three against changing the flag, and 4382 undecided. Z So the pressure in on those South Park kids! 
Once again, this does mark the end of Communism in Cuba. Cuban dictator Fidel Castro claims he was finally convinced by a young boy's letter.  
Tom, I'm standing out in front of Henry's Supermarket where five brave little boys are holding a rally to support gays in scouting. The rally is drawing so much attention that people from all over the country are taking media notice.  The rally has also caught the attention of old Scouts members, like Steven Spielberg, director of such films as ''Always'' and ''1941''. The rally has also caught the attention of high-powered lawyer, Gloria Allred. With this kind of support, Tom, these boys are sure to have a victory for gays. Back to you. 
 
 saying that they were really only kidding to begin with. 
Ms. Hamilton was the fourth person to be run over by a motorcycle this week, leaving a city to ponder, who will be next?  
 
Tom, I'm standing out in front of the Mayor's office, where the big liar, Jared, is once again about to speak. Apparently, Jared hopes to regain his celebrity hero status, which was lost when he announced that it was AIDS, not sub sandwiches, that caused him to lose weight. Let's listen in. Tom, I'm standing in the town square where just moments ago it was declared that AIDS... can finally be joked about. What a great day for humanity. 
Tom, I'm standing out front of the Stem Cell Research Facility with terrific news. Christopher Reeve, who was once paralyzed, claims that he can now stand. Tom, many celebrities have spoken out in protest of stem-cell research, but, after seeing this, how can they protest now?   Tom, the irony is even more irony-y as it appears that the stem cells have given Christopher Reeve almost superhuman strength. Uh Tom, apparently, Gene Hackman, the man who played Superman's enemy Lex Luthor in the movies, has now shown up as a celebrity protester of stem-cell research. If that isn't ironic, Tom, I don't know what is. Tom, if irony were made of strawberries, we'd all be drinking a lot of smoothies right now. Tom, over five years ago, doctors told Christopher Reeve that he would never walk again, but the resilient actor fought back, struggled against all odds, and has now built his very own Legion of Doom!  The once immobile Mr. Reeve's new organization will be committed to world domination and evil. What an inspirational story, Tom. 
And sources say that the new film will star Ben Affleck. 
Tom, I'm standing in South Park, Colorado, where the first Metrosexual Pride Parade is underway! ''[in a rainbow peacock float Randy, Jimbo, Skeeter and Stuart ride and cheer. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny ride in a banana float which features an ocean wave and a palm tree. On the tree waves a rainbow flag that says'' "Here to Stay" 
Tom, the crowd just keeps getting bigger and the town is literally bursting at the seams. We don't know where this music festival came from, but, it's very close to consuming us all. Tom, I'm standing in South Park, Colorado, where a desperate attempt to save the town is underway. Some call it a suicide mission, but the heroic men and women of the hippie digger may be our only hope of survival.  
Tom, I'm standing here with the little sluggers and some of their parents, and I can't tell you how excited they are.  Little Stan Marsh is the pitcher for the South Park Little League team, and Stan, how does it feel to be playing for the State Championship? Mr. Marsh, you must be very proud of your son. 
What harm do you believe this actress is doing to the true red-haired community? This is getting pretty ugly, Tom. These gingers are really riled up! If you are a ginger and would like to join The Ginger Separatist Movement, you can attend their first meeting this Friday in the Sunset Room at the Airport Hilton. 
Tom, an elementary school teacher is under arrest for allegedly having an affair... with one of her young students. The case is shocking, due mostly to the fact that the teacher... is pretty hot, Tom. If the accusations are true, then... damn! Uh, looks like the defendant and her lawyer are about to give a statement, Tom. 
As Holy Saturday comes to an end, the Easter vigil at the Vatican begins. Thousand have turned out to hear the Pope and celebrate the Resurrection.  A strange turn of events here at the Vatican: Pope Benedictus has stepped down, ushering the new era of... Pope Bill Donohue 
, you can also definitely see a boob job scar. No doubt now that she's had plastic surgery in the past. Disaster at the MTV awards. People are ridiculing Britney Spears. Her performance was awful, Tom. She looked tired, she looked fat, she didn't have a head. It was just completely phoned in. No doubt, Tom, that girl has major issues. Hey, wait a minute. Where's her camel toe?! 
All over America, kids are getting high... on cat urine!  This sixth grade girl said she's been snorting cat piss for several months. Kids do it because it's legal.  The key proponent of the cat ban has been charged with cheesing in a public park. Gerald Broflovski is prepared to give a public statement. 
 has already been asked to appear on Jimmy Kimmel and ''The Today Show''. 
 This is a shot of New York City where the... giant guinea pigs have also attacked. Reports of attacks are coming in from major cities all over the world. 
Tom, the Disney Jonas Brothers 3D Television Special has failed, costing the Disney Company millions, and once again Mickey is pissed off and throwing a fit. The Disney purity ring venture will now most likely prove a marketing bust, as Mickey returns to Valhalla to slumber and feed.  
 This artist rendition of Mysterion has already generated thousands of copies. As hundreds of people gather to try and get a glimpse of the superhero, one question remains: Who is Mysterion?  The impossible has happened. Mysterion, beloved protector of the city, is dead. Who will save us now? 
Tom, I'm standing outside the Hadron particle super-collider in Switzerland, where authorities are shocked and baffled over the theft of a superconducting bending magnet created for use in tests with particle acceleration. The superconducting magnet was stolen sometime last week. Surveillance cameras were able to record the theft on tape and police are now looking for  If you have any information of Princess Leia's whereabouts, please call your local police department. The world holds its breath as an alien ship prepares to land. Now that our planet has achieved warp speed, we're about to be welcomed into the universal society. All thanks to a father and son who broke the warp barrier using only the parts in this  Pinewood Derby car kit. Our first encounter with extraterrestrial life is about to happen. Will it be like in ''Star Trek: First Contact''? Or will it be more like ''Contact'', with Jody Foster?  
Tom, the NASCAR fan got into a car here on Sunday and crashed in the lake behind me. He was later found to have ingested this  Maximum Strength Vagisil. And also Vagisil medicated wipes. Making NASCAR fans look ...pretty stupid, Tom. The NASCAR fan vows he will try to do it again, but that this time, he'll win. 
People here in Chicago, New Jersey are riled up, P-Train. Apparently, a town called South Park, which is at the border of Denver, New Jersey, is discriminating against people from Jersey! They won't sell houses to people from Jersey, and they're making all the ones who moved in move out.  It's like these people got a beef with Jersey. What's up with that?! 
It's a scene of utter despair and catastrophe. Oil from the ocean is spill out out of control, and the rescue effort seems futile. Creatures from another dimension continue to wreak havoc in the Gulf, and the question everyone is asking is, "Where is Captain Hindsight?" With Captain Hindsight missing, what superheroes can save the Gulf now? Tom, the DP Oil Company has had another drilling accident.  The rise of Cthulhu from another dimension brings about three thousand years of darkness, Tom, where we will all be driven to madness and made to service Cthulhu's cult as slaves. The president of DP Oil released this press statement: Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn. Praise the dark Cthulhu, long may he reign. 
The dark and evil Cthulhu is bringing his angry wrath down upon the Burning Man Festival, Tom. Cthulhu isn't behaving as most scientists had speculated, Tom, but the dark lord is wreaking havoc everywhere and- Tom, it appears that Bruce Vilanch has arrived on the scene wearing a rat costume. 
Passenger said the Carnival cruise line smelled like poop, but that that was an improvement. 
An embarrassing day for the toilet safety administration. Shocking outrage ensued after an unknown terrorist managed to get through TSA security with a gun and a baby. Leaving the toilet seat up. The head TSA chief of operations had this to say: Meanwhile, outraged civilians are claiming they're finally fed up with the overblown government bureaucracy. 
First, there was planking.  But as Faith Hilling is more and more popular, the question on everyone's mind, who will be the first to die doing it? Two Boulder children died today while Oh Long Johnsoning in a battling cage. Oh Long Johnsonning is of course the latest Internet meme which involves putting oneself in a risky situation and then seeing how many times you can say "Oh Long Johnson" on video before getting out of the way. This latest Internet meme is shocking. But most shocking of all is the person who started the meme isn't a person at all, but a cat who seems to have no regard for people's safety. The cat is now under arrest and awaiting trial for its part in the teenager's death. Household cats have evolved into a species as intelligent as humans. Will this mean war between our two life forms? In an attempt to try and communicate with the leader of cats, experts have sent in the ambassador of people. 
Today apparently will be the day! CNN has just received word that a verdict in the George Zimmerman trial is expected to come at any moment! Zimmerman is accused of shooting Trayvon Martin, and a jury will now decide his fate. We interrupt this cool song for a news bulletin. A verdict has just been handed down in the case of George Zimmerman. In a shocking turn of events, the jury has found George Zimmerman not guilty! Many African-Americans are outraged by the verdict, and they are most likely about to go totally nanners.  First, a wave of 911 calls about a virus, and now a plane has apparently gone down in the Colorado Rocky Mountains. Is this the beginning of the end?  The nine year old threat to humanity has been tracked down, and measures are being taken to stop him. The zombie apocalypse... is over. All the panic, crashing planes and chaos appear to have, for some reason, died with George Zimmerman. And as for the little boy who was so mercilessly gunned down?  Although he survived the shooting, his wishes are to remain anonymous, giving the hospital only the nickname... "Brad Pitt." ...But cooler. 
We are in Colorado where the red cow was discovered, and apparently, two boys have shocking news that might change everything. 
Tom, the South Park Mall says they've beefed up security in an effort to reduce the number of fatalities this year. One thing's for sure, people take Black Friday very seriously. 
 More news on the Washington Redskins tonight. Their defiant. F-You attitude has now caught the attention of the terrorist group ISIS. The terrorists said they admire the Washington Redskins and want to try it and follow their business model. 
Gerald Broflovski? 
You've become sort of a poster child for privacy and drone issues. It just... keeps going on and on. Kind of like your...  I mean... it just... goes outside what most people would call... acceptable. I didn't see the video. I don't believe in doing that, but uh... I'm just saying that... the situation in in your town is... unwieldy?  What is that? 
For the fifth day in a row, historic Shi Tpa Town is under siege by Yelp reviewers. The restaurants are still refusing to be intimidated. and the Yelp reviewers are-  One local restaurant worker actually called out the Yelp critics' leader. 
And what about this way of life has attracted you? 
It's day two of the hunger strike started by the college-aged fraternity brothers who are demanding that all of South Park's community leaders step down. The PC frat brothers say they've gone now two days without eating any pussy, and will continue to do so until people resign. 
Speaker Ryan, it's the anniversary of the President being elected. How do you think he's doing? Uh huh. And is that semen on your black eye? 
And the latest reports are now saying that over a million Canadians were killed in the nuclear blast. The bomb dropped by the U.S. President took out the entire city of Toronto, and fallout is expected to kill thousands more in the coming days. [A moment of silence follows, and Ike appears at Kyle's door.] 
We are two hours ahead here! New York has completely run out of candy!  
 
Mr. Marsh, how does it feel to be exonerated?  
Tom, guten tag and heil Hitler. Apparently, we are living in Nazi Germany. The elementary school behind me is telling some students they can't wear their pajamas to pajama day. The principal of the school says the students are being reprimanded for bad behavior. But many parents are left wondering... ''nehmen sie meinen Schlafanzug''? The school's mandate has caused a backlash with members of the community who are now wearing their pajamas to work in protest! Tom, warm up the wienerschnitzel and put on your lederhosen, because now people are being told to stop making Matt Damon jokes. Opponents are claiming that the jokes are already tired and Matt Damon had every right to make a Bitcoin commercial, so the jokes need to stop. All we can say is– ''Verzeihung für die Witze''. 'Cause it's gettin' real Nazi Germany up in here. Back to you, Tom. Tom, es ist ein wunderschöner Morgen und der Pyjama Tag ist endlich da. Alle Kinder tragen Schlafanzug ausser es würde den Kindern verboten. Eine band spielt das traditional lied von Deutschland, und allen sind glücklich...  Pyjama Tag ist hier. Back to you, Tom. Hast du einen Matt Damon witz gemacht? Ich habe keinen Matt Damon witz gemacht. 
