<poem><i>Aaaaah!</i></poem> <poem><i>Aaaaah!</i></poem> <poem><i>Lalalalala lalalalala lalalalala lala la la lala...</i></poem> You guys, you guys! I can do it. <poem><i>Aaah!</i></poem> 
Great. What can I get for you? Large coffee, small coffee?  Oh, you're that corporate guy who's been calling. Oh, forget it, my store is not for sale. Uh, I don't think so. My coffee shop is worth a lot to me. The answer is still no, Mr. Postum. You see, when my father opened this store 30 years ago, he cared about only one thing: making a great cup of coffee.  And that's why Tweek Coffee is still home-brewed from the finest beans we can muster. Yes, Tweek Coffee is a simpler cup, for a simpler America.  But that could put me out of business. Hi, Officer Barbrady. Oh, just some dong. What can I get for you. Bye-bye. They want me to sell the store, and it's so much money. I know, but if they open a Harbucks right next door, we might go out of business. They really have my balls in a vice grip.  Country fresh, like the morning after a rainstorm. Oh. I've got one for you. How about doing a report on how large corporations take over little family-owned businesses? No, I'm- serious, hon. These boys should learn how the corporate machine is ruining America. You see, I own a coffee shop and now a great, big, multi-million dollar company is going to move in and try to take all my business, which means I may have to shut down and sell my son Tweek into slavery. Yes, slavery. They really have my balls in a salad shooter. Wuh-okay, but corporate takeovers is a much more fertile subject. Actually, honey, I think those little tykes are just what we need. I've got an idea.  How's the report going, boys? Oh, do you need some more coffee? Well, boys, uh. I don't mean to pry, but, if you want it, I wrote your report for you. Yes, it's all about corporate takeovers. Of course, you don't ''have'' to ''use'' it. Alright.  And it can be our little secret about who wrote it, right? Now, when you give the report,  <br>And when you come up to do it a second time, really, really clear it up, I mean, um, really, really play the sympathy angle. They'll like'' that. They'll be calling you, and you'll get a passing grade for it. My pleasure. G'night, boys. Yes, it is.  Oh, hello, son, uh. How did your report go? ''Real''ly?? Well, son, you might have just saved the family business. What do you have to say about that? I know how you boys feel. . What? Oh, sorry. Here you go.  Oh, hello committee members. What a surprise. Yes. How did you hear?  Oh, you'll do fine, son. Wow, it it's great! What do you think, hon?  Hon? What's the matter? What do you mean? But, kids are great to get people on our side. Honey, all's fair in love and war.  And coffee. Hon? Hu-hon?  Uh, Mr. Postum, I'm afraid you've got a lot to learn about making coffee. Uh, I'm sorry to inform you that this town is having a vote tomorrow, and if the law passes, you're gonna be thrown out of town. At five o'clock, the best coffee wins. Either your coffee, or a fresh, warm cup of... ''Tweek's'' coffee.   Hey. Hey, that ''is'' good. It's subtle and mild. Mild, like that first splash of sun on an April  morning. This coffee is coffee the way it should be. Thank you, Mr. Postum, but I think we'll be happy with the money we make selling our son into slavery. Just kidding, son. 
Oh'd. I, I don't know. He moved away or something. 
Richarrrrd! 'Oodleahah. 
Tweek, calm down. Have some coffee.  
We ''can'' let them go, can we? Well, sure, that's easy for you to say; your son's dead. But those of us with alive children need to be sure that Father Maxi's on the up-and-up. Uh, Sh-sh. Here he comes, here he comes.  That's a good idea. I'm gonna be an atheist too. You too, Tweek! Atheism has definitely made our ''lives'' better. Oh thanks, Sharon. That's true. If I'm gonna raise my son to be atheist, I don't want him saying "under God" every day at school. That could really damage him. "Under God" should be taken out of the- uh, 'scuse me.  "Under God" should be taken out of the Pledge of Allegiance. Come on, Tweek! We're gonna watch it on TV!   ...What was that last bit? 
 Tweek! Calm down, son. Remember what Dr. Norris told you. Find your center. 
Sit down and have some coffee, son.  Tweek, there's starting to be a lot of reports in the news about children being abducted, and we thought we should talk. Now, we don't want to alarm you, son, but we've installed new locks on your bedroom windows and door. It's important for ''you'' to know never to unlock them at night for ''anyone'' except your mother and I. You failed the test, son. Didn't I tell you not to open the door for anybody except your mother and I? He would have sprayed your brains all over the floor and then taken your body off to the woods.  You've got to be on your toes, Tweek. Alright, now go to bed and get some rest. Did he hurt you, son? That's... not a bad idea, a city wall. Alright, Cows, We're gonna go out there and we're gonna give 'em hell!  Well, we've... put a wall around the city to keep outsiders out. You don't think we want a bunch of strangers coming in to play ball, do you?  Well, if you'll all excuse us, I think we'll be going now.  'Sokay, boys. Just act as if we weren't here. Well, maybe things would be better if we could ''trust'' people like the Stotches! Oh yeah?!  Oh Jesus, turn it up, honey! Where are you going? Oh?  I think I'll go with you. I just want to make sure that you- Me? I would never abduct our son!  Wait a minute. Those Mongolians are... our children.  Oh God. What have we done? We sent our children away, and now they don't even remember who they are. They're starting to remember. We're sorry, Tweek! Oh my God, do you see what this means? The Ghost of Human Kindness was right all along. The uh... no, the part about being more trusting. We should follow what he said, not what he did. 
Get out of here!  
 My pleasure, silly-buns. Why? Wohohoho, goodness no. I, I'm straight. Oh my God! 
Boy, you really beat the crap out of that Conifer dad. 
 Oh, hey Gerald. New car? Well... Good for you. If only the rest of the country  was as insightful as we are. So I guess there's nothing left to do now but... rebuild. 
Who else could it have been? 
What?? 
Tweek's out of coffee, honey. Tweek, is there anything you want to talk to us about?  Well, we heard that you're gay. And I want you to know we've never been so proud of you. We thought you were just a spaz, but to know that you've got so much going on inside. Knowing what I know now, I'm gonna be a much better dad to you. In fact, I just, I just want to give you some money, Tweek.  Well, hello Craig. Honey, it's Craig. He sure is. Come on in.  Would you like to have some coffee, Craig? Tweek's just up in his room playing. You can go on up.  They're so gay. 
Well like I was saying, I've been addicted to memberberries for the past two months now. It's just, you know, 'membering is more fun than thinking. I want so bad to go back to when things were good. When I was a kid, you know like, the 80s and the 90s, and things made sense. 
Hey Tweek. How's it going with the fidget spinner? You seem a lot less anxious. Things are finally turning around for my little homosexual son.  I'm not sure.  Tweek, Tweek.  Here, here's your fidget spinner. Fidget spinner, Tweek! Come on, son!  Focus on the fidget spinner. 
I swear, that was the worst public speaker I've ever seen. What was Mark Zuckerberg's point? Guess nobody realized that Mark Zuckerberg was such a penis. What the hell? I know who it is!  Excuse me, what are you doing here?! We invited you to come speak to our community about our problems! Hey! Get out of our fridge! Now you listen here! I will not-!  
Oh wait, I'm supposed to be- 
 OH GOD! WE NEED MORE THREEM MUSKETEERS! WE CAN'T BE OUT! THERE HAS TO BE MORE!! 
We really didn't have a choice. Since the fulfillment center opened, me and my wife's coffee business has gone belly-up. 
 They're closed. We're all closed. Our coffee shop -- everything. Yeah. Well, when the Amazon Fulfillment Center opened, everything else went out of business. 
Yeah. Or maybe you just believe a little bit that vaccinations shouldn't be mandated for school attendance due to possible still-unknown side effects. 
Son of a bitch! People... they need some holiday spirit. 
Hey, guys, what's the problem?  Well, that's why we pulled Tweek out of school. Haven't you heard? There's a brand new private tutoring company that's fast and affordable! 
Excuse me, what are you doing? Our house isn't for sale! Hey!  Will you please get out of our house? Four million dollars, really? 
