Why do we hold the Sundance Film Festival here, Phyllis? It's so painfully crowded. No, this ''used'' to be a quaint little mountain town. ''Now'' look at it. Sushi restaurants, upscale clothes stores, $25 parking, Liam Neeson... I tell you, Phyllis, I think we've tapped this town's resources out. We must move the festival to ''another'' small mountain town and begin again. This is perfect. Why didn't we think of it sooner? This town still has some charm left, not the mess we turned Park City into. Yes. And the town after, and the town after that. Like termites, we will move this film festival from town to town until we have used it up. And then move on, until every quiet mountain town is like Los Angeles. Because ''we'' have to live in L.A. And if we can't live in quiet, simple, peaceful mountain towns, then nobody will! Waitwaitwait. Zoom in to a close-up of my face when I do that. Ready? Then NOBODY will! That's it. Ladies and gentlemen, I want to thank you all for making the First Annual South Park Film Festival a success. We've barely even started and already the festival has seen more attendance than last year's Sundance festival. And I'm very pleased to announce that in honor of the South Park people who have welcomed us, we are going to build a Hollywood Planet restaurant, right here where this library used to stand.  Make it quick. Uh-huh. We have contracts.  You try to pull out now, we'll sue your little town for every penny it's got. But thanks so much for the hard work. Not now! That's great, kid. A dried-out lump of shit; very compelling.  Okay, folks, let's move! We've gotta have that sign down in time for the opening tonight! Ladies and gentlemen, I'm ''pleased'' to announce on this Gala Opening of Hollywood Planet South Park, that the festival will be back next year! And the year after that, and the year after that, and so on! And now, release the curtain! I give you, "Hollywood in South Park!"  Oh, not this again! Anyway, this ''new'' Hollywood Planet will be the official meeting place for all-  Now, as I was saying, this shall usher in a whole new decade of film festivals.  I'm trying, damn it! Aww. Aww. Glup. 
My God, she's even more terrifying than I remember. 
