I'm sorry, this is what the studio provides. Just take a seat on the couch, kid. I'll be back in a minute.  
Yeah, what has Catholicism come to anyway? If there was a god, why would he let our kids be molested in the first place? You know, for Martha and I, we're, we're worried we might have a hard time raising our son atheist. I mean-  
Isn't it awesome havin' a great wall around our city? Nobody in town except for our good friends.  Nineteen six- Go on, kids! Go! Go and don't look back!  Kids? Don't you remember us? We are your parents. You used to live here, with us. Are you okay, Clyde? You mean how he said we should trust each other, or how he abducted children? 
Come on and take a look, folks. We've got a lot of knives for sale here.   Okay, uh, you need to have your parents here when you buy them, though. I, I can't sell to anyone under eighteen without parents' permission.  Wha- wha- what's the matter?   Can I help you boys? Uh, sorry kids, ah I don't give refunds. I thought you told me your parents were dead. 
Just look at those boys out there, lovin' the great game of baseball like we did when we were kids.  Yeah, our boys really stuck it to 'em!  Run kid, run! 
Hullo? Ohh dear. Clyde's asking about Slash. Clyde, the truth is Slash isn't a person. He's more like a... feeling in your heart, you know?  Er he's like love. People all over the world dress up like Slash and have different names for Slash. The Dutch call him Vunter Slash. Your mother's Dutch, you know, Clyde. Ha- how did that old folk song go, honey? 
Betsy, come back home. It's just not that big a deal. What?! Can't we disconnect the toilet from the plumbing? 
Hi everyone. For those of you I don't know as well, my name is Roger Donovan, and un, just like you I'm pretty upset about what's going on in our neighborhood. Yes, well luckily nobody's watched the video of course.  Um... And and and that's the point. I mean, we all have things about ourselves that are embarrassing, that that- Look, look, why we're here is because it's gonna take all of us, a neighborhood watch, to make sure that our community stays safe. 
Everyone just said sundown, which should be soon. 
No no, it's something to do with the pandemic. Something big is going on. I don't care what changes you've made, my son Clyde is not going to class! 
