Oh honey, please forgive us son. 
Now blow out the candles grandpa. Hurray!!! Make a wish grandpa. Ooh, who wants ice cream with their cake? Oh, alright, but take your grandpa with you. Language. Oh thanks. What is it Stanley-hon, did you break something? Stanley, honey, you need to leave mommy alone, I'm doing something very, very important for your little well-being there. Here honey, talk to your father. We got Terrance & Phillip taken off the air. 
Aww, Stanley. We just heard the news that your little friend Kenny was killed by a train this morning. You bet, you poor dears. 
Uh... Where ''are'' our children? 
Hello, Sheila? It's Sharon, Stan's mother. Sheila, I was just wondering if you might know why my son is trying to split his head open with an ice pick? So this ''is'' your fault. Would you do me a favor? Next time you want to scare the hell out of my child, just go outside and sit in the road until a truck runs you over instead? 
Oh, hello, Ms. Cartman. It's Sharon, Stan's mother. Ms. Cartman, is your son at home? Well, now I ''am'' worried. I've tried all the houses and nobody knows where they are. What do ya mean?! How often does an entire third-grade class go missing?! Run away? Let's get started right away! They could be halfway to L. A. by now. 
But what's wrong with her? No, no, she's been perfectly healthy.  Shelly, look who's come to visit you; your little brother, Stan.  Will my daughter be okay? Come on, Stanley. Give your sister a kiss and then we have to go. ...and then the doctor said that it's much worse as you get older. My daughter is in pretty bad shape ''now'', but if she were in her twenties, she could ''die''. So tell me if I'm crazy, but I started thinking that we should ''intentionally'' have our boys play with a child who has the chickenpox. Let them get it now, while they're young. So it's not such a crazy idea after all? Boys, you're going to sleep over at Kenny's, and that's final. Okay, lemme see. Oh, goody! You've got a fever! Yyup, it looks like you've got chickenpox alright. Oh, gee, I guess you did. All right, it's off to bed with you, young man.  Stanley, can I get you anything else? Stanley? Oh my God! Randy?! Randy, hurry, he's burning up! Don't you worry, Stanley, you're going to be okay. Kids, Daddy and I are gonna be right back, okay?  Oh God, what have we done? Well, your teacher sent this stuff over for you to do while you're sick. Now, Stanley, I know at your age teachers can seem cold and heartless, but later, you'll understand that he did this for your own good. Oh. Well, anyway, here's a pencil and some paper. Yeah, and then we're going to the movies. You mean Stanley's missing?  Oh my God! Our son ran away! ''Die?'' Oh God, no! Stanley?  Oh, Stanley, where are you..? Stanley! Damn it, Stanley, you had us worried sick! You ''have'' to get back to the hospital for a shot! Stanley, how are you feeling today, son?  The doctor says that maybe you can go home tomorrow. What's so funny, you two?  Kids, we should have honest about wanting you to get chickenpox. 
 Randy, my wedding ring! I lost it down the garbage disposal! Stanley, I thought I told you not to watch this horrible cartoon! Here, Stanley, You watch nice cartoons like ''Fat Abbot''. Randy, will you please come get my wedding ring out of the sink? Did you find it? Don't snap at me! You snapped at me! What ever?! In fifteen years you've never said, "whatever," to me! I'm sorry, too. That's not it, you idiot!  You just said the C-word! What are you doing, sweetheart? You men are all alike. First you get a cookie and then you criticize the way I dress and then it's the way I cook! I suppose next you'll be telling me that you need your space and that I'm sabotaging your creativity. Go ahead, Stanley, get your God-damned cookie! Randy, let me handle this. Now Stanley, I want you to explain to me why you were passing notes in school. You really should know better, Stanley.  Don't interrupt me! You always interrupt me when I talk! Can't you see that I--? There, you did it again!  He interrupted me again.  Like you're one to talk! When's the last time you really listened to what I had to say?! Like I'm a ghost. Like he sees right through me. Oh, please yourself! He is. Oh, I'm sorry! I guess I'm wrong again! Stanley, I think you should know that your father has moved out. Because, we're divorced, Stanley. Yeah, kind of. But I would like you to meet your new stepfather, Roy. I'll leave you two alone to get acquainted. Stanley, it's time to go! Your bastard father has visitation rights, and this is his time with you. Come on, Stanley!  Stanley, what did you do to Roy?  Stanley, you know you're the most important thing to me, right? Now Stanley, you have to understand how divorce works. When I say, "you're the most important thing to me," what I mean is, you're the most important thing after me and my happiness and my new romances. Bye now. Roy! Stanley?! Your father is coming over for visitation! Stan? Oh, Randy. What are you doing here? Oh I thought that note was for me. Well, it looks like our little Stanley has built himself quite a clubhouse here. Goodnight. Yes? It's too late for games. Truth. Oh, Randy, I do love you, but- now I'm so confused-uh. I'm living with Roy and-, I don't know how to break it off with him. Maybe. I guess it's my turn. Truth or Dare? Do me. Right here in the clubhouse. 
Stanley? Look who's here. Aunt Flo. Now, Stanley! Aunt Flo only visits once a month. Be nice. What do you say, Shelly? Okay, Stanley. Your turn. What do you say, Stanley? How do you like your fish, Stanley? Oh, now, what's spooky about a cute, little goldfish? Go put him in your room. Yes, you do! Language! Stanley, settle down! Uh, no problem, Aunt Flo. There, there, Aunt Flo. Stanley ''loves'' his goldfish.   Stanley, what are you doing?! Stanley, I'm in no mood for this! Not when your Aunt Flo is in town! Oh, look, you woke your sister up.  All right, Stanley. I have had enough o-   D'uh! Aunt Flo, what are ''you'' doing up?! Sshh. It's going to be okay, Stanley.  Now get some sleep, baby. Mommy's taken care of everything.  My baby's killed again!  I've got such a handsome boy, such a good boy.  Oh. Uh-Officer Barbrady, Woo, wh-what a surprise. What can I do for you? Is that so? I'd never seen ''any'' of those men, Officer Barbrady.  Why would you wanna do that? Nobody's going to take my baby away from me! Nobody!    Stanley. Kenny's mother is here. She's wondering if you've seen Kenny. Yeah. Stan just got a new goldfish and he wanted to show it to Kenny but, Kenny never came over.  Mrs. McCormick, I'm going to have to ask you to leave! You've been drinking! I believe you, sweetheart.  Run from him, boys. Run and don't stop! Yes, hon?   Oh, Randy, I just don't know what to do anymore. I just ughhhh, I can't believe that Aunt Flo is gone, that she won't be visiting me ever again.  Oh, dear. It really ''was'' Stan's fish that killed those people! 
The answer is "no", Stanley! I'm sorry, Stanley, I can't let you go all the way to Nebraska by yourself. It's the holidays. I'll leave it up to your father.  The answer is no, Stanley! Now go wash up for supper!  I just can't believe he would go without our permission! Well, I hope for ''his'' sake you're right.  Hello, Ms. Cartman. It's Sharon, Stan's mother. Did Stanley go up there to Nebraska with you? ''Wwhat?!''  Get the car, Randy! We're going to Nebraska! What's going on here?! Is this the Cartman residence? Give me that!  Stanley! This is your mother!  ''What do you have to say for yourself, Stanley?!'' Oh, Stanley. Let's just forget the whole thing and have a nice holiday back home. 
Stan, you should be excited. I would love to see the rainforest. Besides, your dad and I need some time alone. <i>[tosses him into the bus]</i> 
You have fun, Stanley. Oh, I'll pass. I don't drink hard alcohol. Well, it is kind of a special night. I guess I could... experiment.  Oh Mr. Mackey, you nut. Oh, I'm not hot-tubbing. I have nothing to wear. Oh, look at our boys, Sheila.  It's just like they're in college again.   Go?? The meteor shower hasn't even started yet. Randy, relax. We don't ever get to party. Now come on! Loosen up! Experiment! Whoopee!  
Well, I say we go find them and kick their devil-worshiping butts out of town! Yes! We were wrong about you. Will you please play for our Halloween party? 
Honestly, I don't see what they find so amusing about those things. I'm watching one of Stanley's ''Chinpokomon'' video tapes. Our son loves this show, Randy, so I think it's important that we watch it to see if it's teaching him good moral values.  I don't know what the hell they're talking about. This doesn't make sense. Are those stupid things supposed to be animals or robots or what? Randy, we can't allow our son to watch this stuff! No, but it's incredibly stupid, and that could be worse on a child's mind than any vulgarity or violence. Remember what ''Battle of the Network Stars'' did to an entire generation. We just thought we'd bring it to everyone's attention because, honestly, we don't know how to feel. You're right, Sheila. I guess the best thing we can do is just let them go until they get sick of it.  My son hasn't made any sense in days. So, what are we going to do about our children?  Ahhh, hello-o? Of course! That's a great idea! Stan? Stan, it's Mommy!  Stanley--  --you need to come home right now. Mommy misses you. Stanley, I'm talking to you!  Stan, please, come home! No, it's not okay! What? Can't you see what's happening?! They're just using that talk to distract you! He doesn't really have a small penis! Oh!   Come on! We don't have much time!  That's right. Anything we like is instantly not cool.  You bet, Stanley!  
Stanley, honey, what's the matter? Well, that's good, honey. Stanley.  What should we ask him? 
Oh, hi, Sheila. Yes. I should have known. It all makes sense now. I could never get Stanley to pay attention when his grandfather told him stories about the '30s. That video had pretty colors. 
Me too. We were lucky to get tickets.  No, Stanley. Cirque du Cheville is French-Canadian. They get acrobats and singers from all over the world and then do very ''artistic'' things.. Dad, Stanley needs to see the arts! Come on, everybody, let's go.  Oh, look at the funny clown, Stanley. Ooo, these are the contorting quintuplets from Romania.  Yes. Too bad it was their last show, or I'd go see it again. Well, of course you can. Come in out of the snow.  There's some spare bedrooms upstairs, Mrs....? What should we do, Randy? I like these Romanians fine, but I hope that old woman isn't planning on staying here much longer. Poor dear must be tired. I don't know how to tell. ''You'' tell them.  Randy!  Well, for the time being I, I mean, of course they can stay. Randy, Randy, you'd better have look at this.  Well, I… think we… have to,… don't we?  We'll have to call the police and see what ''they'' want us to do.   Oh my God! I didn't know this was going to become such a big deal. Stanley, we have some bad news. The courts have decided the girls must go back to Romania. Oh, Randy, it's gone! It's all gone! You ruined my house!  
Hello, sweetie.  Well, the kids at school made you a card, Kyle. Look.  Sheila, have you tried holistic natural medicines? They work wonders. I read all about in People. There's a brand-new shop in town that sells holistic medicines and all-natural foods. It's run by this fascinating woman named "Miss Information." Why don't we at least take Kyle down there and see what she has to say. Wow, that's amazing, Miss Information! Don't be a smartass, Stanley. Ooo, Native Americans. Now, they know how to heal the body spiritually.  Oh, that's great news!  Ooooo. Stanley, what did I say about being a smartass?! Ooh, a tampon made from Cherokee hair—now that sounds natural. Oh hi, Stanley. Look, I'm buying you some more all-natural toothpaste. That's right. You watch your mouth, Stanley! The Native Americans were raped of their land and resources by white people like us! Enough, Stanley! It's okay. We trust that you know what you're doing.  How dare you deceive us like that! Yeah, it looks like Western medicine really did the trick. 
Did you have fun at Eric's house today, Stanley? What did you do? Oh well, that sounds nice. Oh, he's over at Eric's house practicing for his boy band. Now, Randy, calm down. It's just a silly little dream. They're not gonna actually make it. It's a long story, Shelly. Let's just say your father... has a lot up his ass right now. 
Yeah.   What? 
We are not trying to persecute you kids, but you're supposed to be in school. 
Hi, Sheila. Oh, he's in the back. He set up a video camera so he can tape the performance. I... well... maybe.  
 Oh, Stanley, I wish we could take back all the years of abuse, but we can't. 
Isn't this a nice Christmas, Stanley? No commercialism and shopping, just a nice fire and family. 
 What a brave little boy. 
I was really happy with this month's book. I agree with what Bob and Linda said- Not now, Stanley. This is Mommy and Daddy's book club night, remember? Later, sweetie.  Anyway, I found myself enticed by Steinbeck's imagery.  "Cannery Row in Monterey in California-"  he puts you right there, and... Stanley, what the hell are you doing?!  STANLEY, YOU GO TO YOUR ROOM RIGHT NOW! Go, Stanley!  Ahaha, ahem. Heheh, he, he gets very good grades. Stanley, do you know ''why'' you're being grounded for ten months? Stanley, don't you understand what you are doing?? You were stimulating the dog, Stanley! What came out of him was his... r-Randy?! Sexual education. Haven't you learned that yet? Oh. Look, well, you see, Stanley,... Well, your ''school'' should be teaching this stuff!  Look, our kids are learning sexual things on the street and on television. There's no way we can stop it. The schools have to teach them sexual education at a younger age. What the hell was that? Well, I don't know what got into you kids. You should be ashamed of yourselves.  This whole mess started because we couldn't talk to our boy ourselves. 
 Are you guys still playing that video game? Eric, put that down! Just go put it back in the trashcan! No that... that came from me; just put it away. Boys, that a... feminine thing. Alright, it's a personal, woman thing.  I tell you what: If you'll just drop the whole thing right now, I'll buy you that new video game console you've been wanting. Sure. Here you go, boys.  Goodnight, boys. Don't stay up too late. Nothing. Come on, Randy.  Okay, boys, that's it. You have to go now. No, Stanley, it's Monday morning. You have to go to school. No, you're not sick. Now get to school.  All of you. Go! 
Can huh get th'ere 'or me?  Weh, that's nahice.  Yes. I just saw him. 
 
Oh dear.  Randy... 
Thanks for having us all over for dinner, Chris and Linda.  
Officer Barbrady. What can I do for you? Stole? A-a-are you sure?  Not now - my son is not a thief. I'm sure this is just some kind of a misunderstanding.  Stanley, what are you doing with those calves? Stanley, this isn't up for discussion. The rancher is gonna take his cows back and  Stanley! Stanley, you open this door right now or you're gonna get it! Open this door, now! I apologize for this, Mr. Rancher Person. I can't lie to my son, okay? If I betrayed him like that, I'd pay for it the rest of my life. And so that's the situation. Our boys have locked themselves in Stan's room until we can promise them the calves will live free, in writing. Well excuse me, Sheila, but it wasn't that simple!  That was very impressive.  Very persuasive. Alright, Stanley, this has gone on long enough! Your little game is over! Well that's fine! You boys can just stay in there and starve to death. Us parents are going to go to Pizza Shack and have pepperoni pizzas and ice cream. You'll have to come out sooner or later, boys. The longer you wait, the more trouble you'll be in.  Ms. Cartman, this is a battle of wills. We need our boys to know that we're not gonna cave in, at all. Ms. Cartman, what are you doing?  You're giving my baby guns? What?? 
I've heard about other towns bringing in counselors that know how to find things out from kids without really telling them what's going on. That's right, everyone just dig in.  So, kids, anything fun happen with your whole Sunday off? Stanley!   I made some quesadillas, if anybody wants some. And if anybody needs to potty, there's a potty basket right here.  Oh, Randy, I don't wanna put food up my butt anymore. 
Randy, could you have a talk with Stanley? It's just that, well, he's been acting a little different lately.  He's been ignoring his homework, and, all of his friends. I can't figure out why.   I love you. 
A stranger was caught trying to abduct the Tweak boy. Please, Mr. Tuong Lu Kim. It's a little electrical device that can tell us where you are anywhere on Earth. I wouldn't worry about that. Congratulations on your victory, boys.  Turn it up. Stanley, time for us to get back to the house. NOW, Stanley!  Right. Do what you normally would do. Good-bye, son.  Remember to eat right. Oh, it's just... I was wondering if Stan's okay. Do you really think we did the right thing, Randy? Sending all the young kids in town off to live on their own? I know.  My son has become a Mongolian? No! Noooo!!  Randy, can we just take our son home now? 
 Oh... oh, that's so sweet. You have to understand that Kenny's body isn't up in the clouds. He was cremated. Randy! Gerald! We, we were wrong about heaven! The Japanese just reached it with their ladder! See for yourself! Do you really think this is a good idea, Randy? 
Oooh, you're a little frisky, aren't you? Oho, you little ''devil''. Hey there, cowboy.  You bet I am.  Mmm, sounds good. Mm, yeah baby. Ready. Wow, the production values are really good in this porno.  But then that mean..? Oh my God, this is gonna be so embarrassing. "Hi, Chris. Hi, Linda. We were just wondering if we could get our porno back."  The boys!  Awgh, I guess we have to go talk to 'em now. Oh, dear!  We're sorry. Boys?  Look! There's one of the boys now!  Jimmy! See boys, a woman is sensitive in her vagina and it... feels good to have a man's penis inside of it. 
How was school? Go ahead and kill yourself, stupid tar-breath! That sounds good to me. Oh Randy, I'm so ashamed of our son. 
 Stan, what did I tell you about watching ''The Osbournes''? It's going to make you retarded!  Who are you?  Randy, what's going on? But why are you back in this time with us, son?  That's right. We're a family no matter what time shift. You must be exhausted. Why don't you get some sleep? Well I'm sure Stan wouldn't mind sharing his room, would you, Stan? It's just a little weird having people lying to our boy like this. Well that makes sense. Uh, Stan,  don't you think you're upsetting your future self a little? Yeah, he must be.  It's like, I just ''feel'' he's our son, you know? Right.   S-stanley you don't need to do that. He-he is your future self. Randy!  AAAHHH! Looks like you'd better ''really'' watch out for marijuana, huh Stan? Yes, well, eh you see, son, the time matrix pulled in more people from the future. He's right. If we use lies and exaggerations to keep kids off drugs, then they're never gonna believe anything we tell them. Well here, Eric, I cooked you a huge box of cookies as a present. 
Boys! You were supposed to come out here and tell everyone about the Founding Fathers! 
Yeah. Come on, Sheila, let's go to the nickel slots.  What's wrong with Gerald? What?? But don't the Native Americans know he has nowhere else to go? 
Oh hi Gerald, Sheila. Sure. Come on in. The guys are all watching TV. Don't our men look  Well sure, Sheila. Our husbands are all so clean and neat. My Randy irons his clothes and even has pedicures. And how about our boys, huh? Ever since gay culture became cool, our boys bathe every night and brush their teeth three times a day. This is the greatest thing ever. You know, I'm starting to think this whole metrosexual thing isn't so great. Oh, stop it! Will you all just stop it?!  Look, you guys are carrying this fad too far! Will you please stop acting this way?! This is crazy!  That does it! I can't take it anymore! Ladies, get your things! I know what we have to do!  There they are! Get 'em! We're sorry, but we didn't have a choice. You see, at first we liked having our men be clean and neat. We thought that having them use product in their hair and wanting facials would make them sexier. But it doesn't. 
Oooh, Hi Dad. He's not here, hon. He's having a meeting with all the seniors in town at the community center. Every senior in town will be driving home... 
Oh, hi Stan. Well, Stan, God and Jesus don't actually speak to people. Where are you going? Randy, don't cause trouble. So, how'd it go, Clubber Lange? You kicked Mr. Harrison's ass? What are you talking about? 
Stanley, what did you do this time?! No, it can't be! My son is not a filthy smoker!  
Here, Stanley, I made your favorite potato dish. I want you to feel better, okay? Oh. Stan got served at school today. Let's not make a big deal out of it. That was the right thing to do.  Well, nice going, Randy! Really great advice you gave our son here! Those kids showed up to serve Stan again and he danced back! It's on!  Randy, oh my God! 
Oh, are they nice people? Well, we're supposed to have the Broflovskis and the Stotches over for dinner tonight. Maybe I'll invite Mr. Jefferson too. ...They are fun.  Boys, you okay out there? Boys, I do not want you going over to Mr. Jefferson's anymore. Do you understand? 
There you go. All set, sweetie? I'm sure a lot of people do, hon. It's pretty exciting, isn't it? Now, you just get some sleep.  Goodnight, sweetie. Stanley, it's almost eight o'clock. Where have you been? Oh yes, the laundry machine is down in the basement and our son is home. Could you please set the table for dinner?  What?! Who taught you to talk like that?! That's right! We're not raising our son to be an ignorant timecist. You know, a racist, but against people from the- 
How was school today, Stanley? ...What did you say? Stanley, do you know how many people died so you could have the right to vote?! Well, hold on, Randy, I think a turd sandwich is a little better than them having a giant douche on their uniforms. It's sexist, is what it is! Are you calling me ignorant?! I am sick of you belittling my opinion, you son of a bitch!  You see? He's out of control. It's nearly torn our whole family apart.  Oh, Randy! Stan, you came back. Does that mean... you learned the importance of voting?  You can't judge the merits of voting on whether or not your candidate won. 
Yes. Wall-Mart is the leading employer of seniors. And they also employ the handicapped. Why yes, I'd love one, Jimmy.  Randy, what are you doing?! It's almost midnight. Here we go, everyone. I got three nice steaks from South Park Grocery. We'll have to share them. We do? 
 Stan, sweetie, we're gonna go to the mall. Do you wanna come? Okay, sweetie. He went with his friends to that music festival. Now, Randy, we were the same way once, too. Don't forget that we were both considered hippies back in the '60s. You ate too much acid, man!  ...Oh my God. Our son is with those people. Please, save our boy, Randy. 
Randy, sit down. Randy, don't! Randy... What? Why? You don't think you can?! This is the biggest game of your son's life! Why wouldn't you go and support him? What-?  So then, don't. You don't have to get in fights with other parents at Little League games! Just sit there and watch! No, I'm telling you you don't have to get thrown out of games and make an ass of yourself. Get up, Randy! Fight! Fight for me! 
Hi boys. Uuh uh uh, not so fast. You boys can help bring in the other groceries in the car, then have your chicken. It won't take a minute. 
Oh my gosh, those poor people.  You all done with your fishsticks, Stan? I don't know. You know, to me, it seems like the mayor of Beaverton should've done something about that dam years ago. It's useless. This traffic isn't moving!  Here you go, sweetheart. I know, but, I'm afraid it's too late for them, sweetie. We have to try and save ourselves now. Oh my God! Where would they go?! They, they've got the boys! Stanley!   Stanley. You? 
Stanley, you haven't touched your food. What's the matter with you? What? Why? Well how long have you been feeling this way? Stanley, I didn't know you were miserable. Uh, Stanley, take the garbage out before you go to bed. Wwhat?? What's going on? What?? This is just too much. 
But the Bubble Gum Prince wasn't afraid. He knew that the Land of Chocolate was safe forever and ever.  Oh Randy, hold me.  
I don't know. He took his computer somewhere to play that stupid online game. I ''don't know''. So what? 
Stanley, where have you been?! It's almost bedtime! What kind of job? What? Maybe he doesn't remember. He was only 4. Randy, what's wrong?? 
I can't believe you said the N-word on national television! 
Well, he's just getting older, Randy. Maybe he's figured out the Easter bunny isn't real.  
 Randy!  Flush the toilet for Christ's sake! Randy! All right, will you flush the toilet now?!  Why?! No, we are flushing the toilet right now- Oh, for the love of God, Randy!   Randy Marsh! What the hell do you think you're doing keeping that thing in our house?! Why are men so obsessed with how big their crap is?!  You have ''got'' to be kidding me. For the love of God!  Come on guys, lasagna's ready. What are you talking about? Randy, this is ridiculous!  Can you believe him?! All this over what guy took the biggest crap! Wha? Wha? Oh no.  Agh!  What?! 
 
Oh, Stan and Kyle bought a new video game together. No, no, they're just little plastic controllers. You hit the colored buttons and it makes the guitar track on the gameplay. If they spent half the time learning a real instrument as they do playing that game, who knows what they could accomplish. 
 All right, we're all sufficiently scared, Gerald, but what could we do? 
Get off the internet, Stanley, It's time for bed Now, Stanley. The Internet will be waiting for you in the morning. Off! Shelly, off the Internet. It's bedtime. Now, Shelly!   Randy, off the Internet. No, mister, it's time for night-night. You don't have to do all that now! You can do one more thing and then it's bedtime.   Randy, I can't get my e-mail to open. What's the matter?  What did you say?  All right, each of you take a ticket. When they call your name you can use the Internet.  Shelly, give your brother his ticket back! Randy! 
Hey, time for dinner guys.  All right kids, dig in.  He's upstairs videotaping your grandfather in the bathtub. Because ever since your father got that stupid video camera he thinks he has to film everything the family does. Randy, we have plenty of video of us eating dinner.  The news.  We're watching the news. Please, Mr. and Mrs. Tucker, our boys were last seen hanging out with your son Craig. Do you have any idea where they could've gone? None of the other kids have seen them since a-  Randy, will you put that thing down?! What is wrong with you?! Our son is missing! Well then stop being an idiot and help! To be honest, Mrs. Tucker, we think Craig is bad influence on our boys. I'm just saying that your son has some problems a- Please, I don't know where else to turn. The police haven't been any help, ugheh, I think our boys might really be in trouble this time. Yes. Yes. Please, check and call me right back. Thank you.  Randy I swear to God if you don't put that thing away...!  Oh my God. 
Randy, will you put down that camera? We need to figure out what to do.  Guinea pigs? Look at that thing! Randy, what are we gonna do?  Go Randy, run!   Where do we go, Randy? Randy, run!  Randy, put down that c-!   Randy? Where are you going?  Randy!  What the hell are you doing? Those aren't guinea pigs. Can we get out through the highway? Randy, will you stop doing that?!  Randy, the storeroom, we've gotta get to the storeroom!  What what what what?  Randy?! I have had it! You are putting down that God damned camera! 
All right everyone, eat up.  You said we had to be careful with our money. I've got nothing for a food budget. 
Why? What happened? ...So? Oh, excuse me, I...    Sorry, it's just ...it's kind of funny how much it bothers you.  Ex-cuse me. Oh! Oh please, Randy! How many times have you farted in bed and held my head under the covers?! Alright, tell me exactly where the line is. Er, okay, how about this? I have a friend Abbie. She had a baby boy and it farted. But she was actually still pregnant with the baby boy and it farted inside her. And then the gas from the baby's fart traveled down and shot out her vagina, haHA.  Oh! Oh, so when does that stop being funny?!  What's going on?  Well, ...congratulations, guys. Looks like you got us. Good job. You really think women cared that much about queefing? Is that really what you think this has all been about? This has been about women having a little bit of fun for once at your expense. For just this one time we could be the immature ones to make you feel uncomfortable. But no, you just couldn't let us have that one little thing, could you? Because even though things are getting better for women, you still think of us as lesser people sometimes, and we always have to prove ourselves twice as hard. Congratulations, guys.  
Hey guys, it's almost 2 a.m. Well it's way past time for bed. Well it's just a block of wood and some wheels; I don't think there's that much more you can do with it.  What? Oh my God. 
Randy, Randy, calm down. I can't understand what you're saying. What is all pee? What?! What about Stan?! Is he okay?! Randy, you've got to do something! 
"The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs"?  Randy?  Randy! Randy, you need to read this! This book! Our son and his friends wrote it! Soo? Randy, it's, it's, it's really good! I mean it's disgusting.  It's, it's the most disgusting thing I've ever read, but, the plot is amazing. And the characters are so... vivid! Nono, just keep reading. I know. I know, Randy, but trust me. You've gotta push through to the end. Randy please! You've got to listen to me! Well? Right? It's not just me. What do we do, Randy? We can't support our son talking like this, but I, I mean. Alright boys, we need to get to the bottom of this. 
Wha... WHAAAAA?!   Randy! Randy, will you look at yourself? Your balls are getting bigger. Randy, please. When you get back, do you think maybe we could make love again?  Oh, it's just that I thought that more alone time would maybe be really- I'm sorry, I just... Yeah. Great. Randy, I love it!  Yyyup! 
Oh, Linda, huh? Oh, Julia's a friend of mine, yeah. Right, just like your eyes are kind of far apart.  Wow. What? You people are crazy. Sheila? Sheila, who are you talking to? Is it them, Randy? 
Yes, our son has always been fairly clean. Is that really necessary for Stan? It's just his locker. Off chart? What does that mean? Who are the experts?  What next dream level? Why? What's that? So like a nightmare? Why can't you wake up from that? That doesn't sound very difficult. Why? Uh okay, fine. So you're gonna take my son to a dream within a dream, and then what? Okaaay... Okay, wait. Who's Hasselbeck? Okay. Wait, no. Why do we need a football player? Are you all saying that you can go into a dream and take people in that dream into their own dream? Just because an idea is overly convoluted and complex doesn't make it cool! Going to multiple dream levels sounds like a really stupid idea! Will they be able to wake Mackey up? Why? 
Oh my gosh, yes! They said like 14 people died. Oh I know, and if you ask me, they should've built a roof with enough support to land a helicopter.  Wha- How did that thing get there, Randy? Well take it down. It's noisy. 
 You coming?  Randy, do not watch that no-no channel. Alright, come to bed soon.  Randy, you've been watching that channel, haven't you?! Yes, because every time you watch cooking shows you stay up all night trying to copy what they made. Just using the parental controls to block some channels. Then how do you know I blocked them? Randy! Marsh! I don't know what to do, Sheila. It's like he's a different person. Last night I walked in on him in the bathroom. He was sitting on the toilet flambéing a pork chop. It just makes me feel unwanted, you know? I mean, am I not attractive anymore? I mean I don't exercise anymore at all. Like I have time to go to the gym every day. Oh, yes. I was interested in the Shake Weights? Oh I didn't realize there were different models. I... think I'll start with the smaller white ones. Well I don't know- Thank you, Shake Weight. Hahhh. Oh wow. Oh I know! He tried out all his recipes here and left me with the mess! You think your father's gonna listen to me?!  Oh.  This thing is so great. It reminds me when I haven't worked out in a while.  Right! I spend all my trying to take care of everybody else!  I don't need to look good to keep your father interested in me! I'm just going to do it FOR ME! Oh, this is so nice. I really needed this. Oh, thanks Shake Weight. You're right. Well, Linda Stotch is a real gossiper and Tammy Bretts at work is just a know-it-all.  A workout? Right now? I don't really like working out in public. Oh God, not right now. Ugh, I'm tired. Oh, where is that sleep mode button? Ugghh.   Ahhh. "Your room is being serviced"? Ugh, oh well.  Uhh, excuse me?  Yeah, I don't care, I just wanna find out how to return my Shake Weight! Because I want to return it now! I need to know the address of your company. I don't care how long I've had it, I want my money back!  Randy, I'm back. Randy, we should talk. Randy, I don't want our marriage to fail. I don't know how to fix what's wrong, but please, can't we just go to bed and start fresh in the morning? What'd you say? Can I try something? You gonna go back to the kitchen? No, I'm good, thanks.  Shake Weight, you aren't really workout equipment at all, are you? I'll remember that now, thanks to you. Goodbye, Shake Weight. 
 Uh, hold it. Is that a Tween Wave band? Sorry, Stan. you know you're not allowed to listen to this stuff. I've told you what I think of this music, Stanley. You have plenty of other gifts to enjoy. Oh for crying out loud, I gave him a great party and that's all he cares about. Yes I do, if it's that stupid Tween Wave garbage! You haven't heard it? It's terrible! It's hardly even music; it just sounds like crap! This is different!  It's... not because I'm older. I'm telling you, our music is better. Fine, Randy!  Well, it sounds like crap, right?! Oh come on! That music sounds like shit! Admit it, Randy! You think it sounds like crap too! We're sorry boys, but we have all decided that as of now, none of you are allowed to listen to Tween Wave music. Stanley I want you to understand that even though I won't let you listen to certain kinds of music, I still love you. Soon you'll be old enough to make your own choices, but for now, I just don't want you listening to that stuff. That's very mature of you, Stanley. Goodnight, sweetie.   Randy, do you mind cleaning up the garage like I asked you? Stop pretending to like the kids' music, Randy! It's pathetic! You know damn well it sounds like crap to you too! Randy, don't you see what this is? You had dreams of being a rock star when you were younger, now you can't admit the next generation's music sounds shitty, it's called "getting older", Randy. It's okay. It's crap, Randy! It's so simple and stupid that anybody could play it!  Who the hell is that woman, Randy?! What the hell do you think you're doing?! Yes, it IS your fault, Randy, because you're a child! I'm sick of having to...for this! You're 42 years old, Randy! Oh is that what you think?! That I'm dead?! You do this all the time! First you're obsessed with baseball fights! Then you need to play Warcraft! Then you gotta be a celebrity chef!  Support what?! Another stupid dream of yours?! WHAT does our son turning 10 have to do with ''you'' making the same mistakes again and again?! I'm unhappy too. We both are, obviously. How much longer can we keep doing this? It's like, the same shit just happens over and over and, then in a week it just all resets until- it happens again. Every week it's kind of the same story in a different way but it, it just keeps getting more and more ridiculous. I want to enjoy it too, but... I can't fake it anymore. You just seem kind of shitty to me. People get older, Randy. People grow apart. 
 Oh, right, uh. Good bye, Stan. I-I love you.   We talked a lot and, we know it's what's best for you kids and, I don't know... People get older, Stanley. And as you get older you realize... the best thing to do is just... stick with what you know. 
Nono, I'm good, thanks. Oho that was so much fun! All the costumes and the sets were amazing! I really love the songs. That Stephen Schwartz is a genius! I've got them all stuck in my head.   What?? Randy, are you serious?? Oh my God, first you take me to Wicked and now this? No, no, little Larry is really making Shelly come out of her shell too. That's what we're doing, putting our faith in Randy's new musical. Oho, more than a chance. Randy's actually having a meeting right now with Stephen Sondheim. Hey hun. Ruhur-Randy, it's fine. You do plenty with me. Did you have a good time? Oho Randy, that's great! I'm really proud of you. Of course not, go ahead, hun. I'm just gonna wait up for Shelly. I gave her those tickets to "Wicked."  She's seeing it with her little boyfriend. Yeah, her and little Larry Feegan. They're going to see "Wicked" together. It's Shelly's first Broadway musical. Randy, slow down! Jesus Christ! Why does it matter?! Too young?! That's it, Randy! Turn this car around right now! WHY?!  That's ridiculous! Musicals don't make me wanna give blowjobs! Yes. Oh... Well, yeah, but- Oh my gosh. Nuh-nn No, this is crazy! Musical theater people are respected. Refined. Cultured. It can't be! I've loved Broadway musicals ever since I saw "Grease" with Jacob Harrison and his brother Kip and we-  Oh my God! AAAA! Randy!  Randy, what are you doing?! I don't know if I can really be that mad at you for doing something every guy in America does.  the bottom line is I love going to those shows. If the fallout from that is I make you really happy for a while, well, I guess they're actually a pretty magical thing. So, what Broadway show do you think is coming to Denver next? 
What?! Randy! Go ahead and open it, Stan.  It's gorgeous, Dad, thank you. Oh, and tomorrow's picture day at school! Stan can wear it for his photo! 
Randy, aren't you gonna come join your family for dinner? Randy, something's happened. Are you un-able to stop being sarcastic? I'm telling you, Randy, I think this sport is doing something to your brain. Do you mean that? How do we fix this, doctor? We're sorry, Stanley, we don't want you playing this sport anymore. Stanley, just get your things and come on. We're going home! Don't you see what this sport has done to your father? Do you want to end up like him?  
Don't you need to be getting to work, Rand?  Ooooo, stuff from Amazon? You know, to be honest, I can't remember?  oh, and this is the book Stan's been wanting; can you take it up to him? 
  Oho, Randy, it's beautiful! Randy, are you being serious?  I just wish you'd have talked to me before spending all our money. I didn't say anything. Ya think?  I think that's good. Feel tight enough? Let's see the shield.  Yehay! Stan's about to go out with his friends. For what?! Randy, let him go trick-or-treating. Oh my gosh, that's so cute. And so what is little Monica wearing? Oho, I bet she's adorable.  Can I help you with something?  Yes, a customer would have been nice, I know.  I spoke with the insurance company.  They said we can get some of our money back. Not all of it, but some. You wanna go home? Get changed? Take a shower? You wanna just sit here a little more and be frozen? You want me to bring you some McDonald's? What do you want from McDonald's? 
Uh adults like documentaries. Is the lube over there? Well get over here, big guy. Randy, it's getting late. Let's just go to sleep. I'm really not in the mood now anyway. We don't have to have sex for our relationship to be good.  Well I'm going to sleep, Randy. No, you'r right, Randy. Without any sex we just seem to get madder and madder at each other. I'm here, Randy. Diamonds.  They're beautiful I've got a surprise for you too, Randy. Sorry. I couldn't resist. Oh I did! That felt really great.  Yeah... Okay.  Oh my God, you put that sword right through my face! My turn again. I've always thought about murdering you in your sleep. Can you go to the cabin and get in bed? You lazy jerk! You never do anything around the house!  Oh I love you, Randy. 
 What the hell are you doing? Bullshit.  You're doing this to try and get to the front of the line on Black Friday, aren't you? Isn't Black Friday supposed to be about buying things for other people? 
He's not allowed to come out of his room, so you can talk to him through the door. And keep it short. He's in real trouble. He defecated in a nice old man's garden. Did you know that your son is supposed to be grounded and he snuck out to go to Red Robin?! 
Yes! That's all gluten! Hey, dad, I need to talk to you about this party we're having. It's in the Triscuits too, Randy! Don't forget the freezer! I don't know! Look at the ingredients! All right, that's all of it! I can get both of these, yeah!  
 Randy? Whose are these? Why? Because there's fishnet stockings inside your jeans? Randy? Do you have something to tell me?  Randy? I was. Can you help me unload the car?   Randy? You just gonna drink beer alone all day? All right.  
Oh no, I can't watch!  
You're supposed to be keeping watch on the neighborhood. 
Wull whattaya mean? Well then you certainly have some of those problems too with drinking. Stan, where are you going?  
Randy?  Randy, what are you doing?! Randy, why are there drums playing?  Ohhh, no no nononononono no. I know. That's why you got kicked out of college. Stanley?? 
I don't know, Shelly. Sooo you're doing it?  Of course not.  Anything to keep you away from cock magic. You were told to walk out in front of a hundred thousand people including little girls who look up to you, and start rubbing your clit.  Randy? What's going on? Oh my God! You mean, I just slept with a hologram? Yes! 
The nineteen year old pop star. It's true, that's him. See if it started!  Randy, what about Shelly? How are you going to tell her that the singer she's idolized has been you? RANDY?!  It's started. Randy, where are you going?! 
You got home pretty late last night. Six AM? You got in at Six and now you're missing work. Hm... And do they have booze at these meetings? 
Randy, you should have a talk with Stan. I guess something happened at school today involving two of Stan's friends,.. being gay? Yeah. Stan seems really perplexed. Go talk to him, Randy, and be delicate. 
He's playing ninjas over at Kenny's house. Yeah. Uh huh. Randy, what are you doing? 
Do you want to explain to me what pussy crushing is?! Your little meetings you go to at night to discuss social justice?!  It's just a way to pick up on young women?! I don't want you going over there anymore!  All I know is that you've changed. Every since you joined this PC thing you just bully people. And wait for people to say anything improper so you can jump down their throats for whatever words he or she used. 
What? What's going on, Randy? Last month, all you could talk about was how great this town had become. What changed your mind? We can't afford it?  Well, we'll just have to stop going to those places. You  what? 
Can you pass the garlic bread, Randy? I thought you just said you were full.  You pulled a gun on our son, Randy! I told you to leave him alone! I feel like you hate me, Randy! Someone purposely had Principal Victoria replaced with a new principal?  Randy?? Randy, you're yelling at a Whole Foods. 
Why'd you say I'd be voting for the turd sandwich, Randy? You haven't even talked to me about it. 
 Go to hell, Randy! 
Randy! You just spent the last month convincing me that the only reason people wanted to go back was because of a childish nostalgia they all had for the new Star Wars! What?! I don't wanna watch Star Wars any more than I-  
I'm Sharon Marsh and I do the designing and decorating.  We renovated over 45 homes  I was gonna do a Bella Terra quartz for the countertops. I was gonna go with these Carrara subway tiles? 
Randy, do you mind cleaning out the garage like I asked? Ach.  YOUR Columbus shot glasses and coffee cups are in that cupboard. I don't know where YOU put them, Randy. YOU were stoked on Columbus, Randy. Not me. I actually was a little upset that you dressed up as Columbus for our wedding, but I decided- I have not.  Randy, why don't you just admit to people that maybe you were somewhat overly excited about Columbus in the past? What?? I'm doing something. 
Oh no, you're not doing this again. Stan wanted us to take him to the pumpkin patch. Yeah, and you guys get wasted. Did you hear anything about what happened last night? Your buddy, Chip Duncan?  Apparently, he flew around on a broom, blew things up, and kidnapped some children? You heard nothing about this?! He flew away vowing we'd all be dead by Halloween! Randy, what did you guys do at that party? People were hurt!  Where do you think you're going?  You can't possibly be considering doing this again! Randy, a real witch is flying around in the skies snatching children! I don't think this is the best time for you to be wearing a witch costume and partying! 
Randy! Did you find anything? What is it? What did you find? Tell me! You have to tell me! [Officer Bright takes off his hat] Oh, God! What did you see?! You have to tell me! I can take it! Did you find our son's arm? Did you find him torn apart? What?! Stan, you're okay! 
 Baby! Oh, you're okay! It's all right, Stanley. We're gonna go home and talk about this with your dad. And we will get through this as a family!  Come on, get in the car! Stanley? Well? Do you wanna tell your father about what happened at school today? Noo, the other thing! Yes, the school shooting!  Are you serious?! Did you not hear what your child said?! Kids died at his school! Why are you all acting like this is normal? What is wrong with you people?!  No, I'm not okay! Children were shot! They were killed at a school where they were supposed to be safe!  Why does there need to be anything else?! Are you kidding me?! Why isn't anyone else emotional?! Don't you dare suggest that I'm only emotional because it's- GET OUT, RANDY! I'M NOT OVERREACTING! Thanks for coming, everybody. I'm sure you all heard there was yet another school shooting today. We have to figure out what we're going to do as parents because this whole thing is out of control!  We have to ask ourselves why this is happening and do something now! What are you talking about?  Do you understand that our children are being murdered? How much closer to home can this all hit?  It was at our children's school!   Randy, they announced on the news there's been another school shooting in Jefferson County! What is "cool" about that?! GOD!  I keep thinking... When will be the time when I get the call? You know? When will I answer the phone and find out my son, my daughter, were... killed? At school? I live in constant fear that I won't be there to protect my children when something happens to them. What?  What I'm saying is that I'm so overwhelmed that I- What the hell are you talking about?! I don't understand!  What is it? Oh my God!  Come on, we have to hurry! Why?? What the fuck is going on?  Realize what?! What have you been telling everybody, RANDY?! Menopause?! I'm not going through fucking menopause! I just got my period this morning! YES! YES! NO! NO NOTHING! Don't you guys see what's happened here?! I want you to be angry! Every day we hear about another school shooting! It used to be a big deal! I want it to be a big deal again. I mean Harriet, you came to my house and said there was a school shooting to trick me into going with you! Randy...  we need to talk. There's been... too much pain and suffering, and... it has to stop. What I'm trying to say is... I've been very emotional lately, and... maybe... maybe I do overreact sometimes. Maybe I need to realize that my emotions can be hormonal and not just take things out on you. Randy, I'm... sorry. Sorry, sorry, one second.  There's been another school shooting. Stan's been shot.  
All I know is that after church I feel better. I just feel so empty. 
What do you mean? Are you being serious? How will we make a living? Randy, I think we need to have a talk. Uh, well, not great. Uh, Stan got caught with a vaping pen. You know, those little pen and cartridge things with the mist? Randy, where are you going? 
We're never goin' to have enough candy. 
Randy, it's time to face it. Your weed farm idea didn't work. You barely sell to two people a day. 
Fine. You're a towel.  
What is it, Randy? Tomorrow? Ugh!  Randy, are you forgetting about this Saturday? Autumnfest? Stan's concert? He and his little friends have been rehearsing all week. A lot of people in town are coming out to support him. Everyone but you? Hi, Stanley!  
Shots?! How much did you spend making that commercial? Nobody cares about your stupid $300,000! We've become the kind of business that we moved out here to get away from! You know why the Chinese buy our weed?! It's to plant on their student protesters so they can put them in jail! You don't care how anyone else feels! We bought this farm together, Randy! Or did you forget that?!  
If you don't make commercials or do more parades for the town, we'd have more money. 
Shelly hasn't come out of her room in two days.  You know why, Randy. It's 8:15 am. November 3rd. No, Randy. Only you did. 
Kids, I have something to tell you, but I don't want you to be scared, okay? Daddy is... in police custody until there's a hearing. He could be in jail for a long time. It could be, sweetheart. We don't know. Of course it's possible, honey We probably have to sell the farm and move, back to town, and, sort of, live our lives without the marijuana business and without daddy.  Juts... try to stay hopeful, kids. Okay, you too, Shelly. Sheila, Gerald, hi. Oh that's so sweet, thank you. Other families have brought some stuff too. Come on in.  No running in the house, you little turkeys.  Oh, yeah. You know, just too painful. You know, they remind me of Randy. That's why I took Randy's pictures as well, because, you know, they remind me of Randy. Yeah, I've kind of made a list of all the things I might do. It's kind of a long list. 
A pandemic special, Randy?! Really?! People are hurting! People are dying, Randy! And all you can think about is making a special about it? You are a child, Randy! These are very serious times and nobody wants or cares about your stupid special right now! How was school, Stanley? I know this has all been really hard on you, Stanley. Do you wanna talk about it? Yeah. Well, it's nice you care about our friend, but if you need to talk... I know this is really hard on everyone. I wasn't saying you wouldn't make money, I was saying maybe that's not what should matter right now! Yes! My brother Jimbo, who is in the hospital! Please do not quote the President in front of our child! What? Oh, I don't know if this is a good idea. I thought that the issue was the teachers not coming back. I want to hear this, Randy! I'm not even sure. Do you know what a pangolin is, Randy?  Randy? Randy? Where are the car keys? Randy! Where are the car keys? I have to get over to the hospital. It's Jimbo. Doctor said he's better, so I can take him home. They said he doesn't have any symptoms, and his tests are showing negative.  Randy?! Randy?! Randy, you've gotta get in here! Come upstairs. Something's wrong with Jimbo!  Last night his fever came back. And then a few hours ago, this thing appeared on his face. Jimbo's never been able to grow a mustache. Should I call the doctor? What, Jimbo?  Why's he talking about your special? I'm gonna get the thermometer.  What the hell are you doing?! Dump it? Why are you worrying about this right now?! Goddammit, Randy, our son is out in this chaos!  Fuck you! Stanley! Staaaaan! What if he's dead, Randy?! Then why hasn't he even called?!  What??  If you're ready to talk, I'm ready to listen, Randy.  What? No. I don't smoke marijuana, Randy. Well, what did you want to talk to me about? 
Randy, stop. We're not racists. Stanley? Are you feeling any better? Well, your friend Tolkien came over to see you. He's downstairs. Oh, that's great! Who did? 
Eat your breakfast, Stan, you're gonna be late for school. Do both, come on guys, we gotta get going.  I'm about to take the kids to school, why? Sorry, Randy, the kids aren't missing school. Come on, guys, let's go.  
