What is this? It's horrible! What did he say? Whatwhatwhaaat?!!? Oh really? Is that so? And I myself was not aware of this horrible show until recently. I have a clip to demonstrate exactly what I mean. Now apparently, that's supposed to be funny. Not allowing our kids to watch this show is not enough. We need to boycott the entire network! All those in favor... These boys minds have been tainted by the garbage on television that they see, and we are fed up! We have to stop this smut from going on the air. We will march to the network and protest until our demands are met. New York, here we come! We are spreading the word to this establishment that we demand better television, for our children! We want more quality television, like ''Full House''. It'll work, it has to. Hey, you will not get away with this! That does it, no more Mr. Nice Protesters. It's time for 'Plan B'. Over there hon. What, you need to drop some friends off at the pool? The network is not taking us seriously. In the past, people have had to die for what they believed in, and we are prepared to do the same. Ready? Mr. McCormick, you shall be a martyr to us all. God Speed. We will not let these corporate half-wits ruin our children's minds. Launch! We will all follow suit, one by one if that's what it takes. Here Carol, I think it's your boy. At last, now we can return to normality. Here they are! But look what they put on. What did he say? Whatwhatwhaaat!!! Come on everybody, back to New York! 
Mr. Garrison, what the hell do you think you're doing?! How ''dare'' you include the Nativity in a school play? Don't you realize my son is Jewish?! So what makes you think he should play Joseph of Arimathea? Our family doesn't ''celebrate'' Christmas. Whatwhatwhaaat?!? ''You're'' not going to get away with this, Mr. Garrison!! How about the dreidel song, bubbe? Kyle, that is enough! Now that does it! I'm going straight to the mayor about you, Mr Garrison. That isn't all, Mayor! The school play is doing a Nativity scene! It isn't being sensitive to the Jewish community! Kyle! Sshhh! Okay, Kyle, we're leaving right nowww. Your father's right, Kyle. Listen to your father, Kyle. This is for your own good, bubbe. OH MY GOD! Whatwhatwhaaat?! Me?! Oh, this could be such a wonderful Christmas play - I wish our little Kyle was here to see it. What the hell is this??? This is horrible!!! 
Oh my God, it ''is'' you! Oh, I am such a huge fan, Ms. Streisand. I never thought I'd live to see you in person! I hate to ask this, but could I get an autograph? My sister would die. Oh thank you, Ms. Streisand! 
We can't even leave our homes for fear of our children's safety. 
Just a little higher. Oh, hi, ''bubele''. I'm glad you're here; you can help decorate for the party. To celebrate your little brother's  passage into life. It's Jewish tradition, ''bubbe''. Oy, what is the matter with them? ''Bubbe'', where have you been? Dinner's been ready for five minutes. How ''is'' my little jellybean? Okay, but first let Mommy give you a kiss. Aaaaargh! Omigod, make him stop! ''My baby!'' Oh, God, the horror!  Ooooohhhhhhooh-ho! Oooh, my baby! Bubbeleh mine! Waagghh!! My baby!!  Oh, he's dead, he's ''dead!'' My little <i>bubbeleh's</i> dead! Well, ''bubbe'', there's something you have to know. Ike wasn't really your brother, he was adopted. What are you talking about? What-what-whaaat?! Now, where did you leave him, young man? Gerald! Do something about your smart-ass son! If we don't find him, so help me, you're gonna be grounded for a month! Ike, love? Excuse me, we're looking for a two-year-old Canadian boy.  Come on! Ike! But first, apologize to your brother! Hello, Tom. Hello, Patty. Thanks for coming to Ike's bris. Look Ike, It's Uncle Murray! He's been sent to his room for being a bastard. He's decided that Ike isn't his brother, since he's adopted. Hello. Do I know you? Ohhh, thanks. Hello, Dr. Schwartz! Thank you so much for coming all this way to perform Ike's bris. Right over here.  Kyle, what are you talking about? 
Kyle! That is enough! I've been reading up on your poor nurse's condition, and it is ''nothing'' to be made fun of. It's called "conjoined twin myslexia". Now, that's just the kind of unawareness that we need to fight against. Sit down, boys. You see boys, sometimes, when babies are born, they're born as twins. But sometimes the twins get hooked together, and they're born as ''Siamese'' twins. But sometimes, after the Siamese twins are joined together, one of the twins dies before birth. The living baby is born with the dead baby still attached. Sometimes, this dead twin is inside the living person, so even ''you'' could have a dead twin inside you and not even know it! So now that you're educated about her disease, you won't need to make fun of her. Right, bubbe? Can you imagine that poor, poor woman? Feeling like an outcast, being ridiculed every day... Hello? Oh, yes. Hello, Sharon. Well, Sharon, I was just trying to educate them about conjoined twin myslexia.  That does it! I must educate the entire town about this awful disease! Nothing is pissing me off! I just wanta start a movement. I want to talk to you all about your school nurse. No, no no. I'm not upset about her. I want to make the public aware of her. Her disease should be brought to light so that it can be understood rather than made fun of. She has a dead fetus attached to her head. Well, that's exactly what I'm talking about. This poor woman is forced to live in the shadows because she feels like an outcast. It is up to ''us'' to make her feel comfortable and welcome in our town! I want to invite your nurse to a dinner party at my house this evening. I'd appreciate it if both you and Mr. Mackey would attend. Wonderful! So, uhh, where did you get your degree, Nurse Gollum? Ahhh. Gerald! Keep your damn mouth shut!  Please forgive us. I-I'm terribly sorry, Nurse Gollum. I have felt so bad ever since I heard the boys making fun of you-- Yes, we could get you a few hats and wear a different one every day. No big whoop. I've got it! We could set aside a whole week to make the public aware of folks just like you. ''Ooooh'', this is so exciting! I'm gonna get the mayor on the phone right now! Dammit, Kyle! We've been working all week against that kind of behavior!  She's really touched. Yeah, the nerve of some people. 
 Oy, I knew I shouldn't have made Kyle eat that gefukahukah. It's only a matter of time before they're selling their bodies and buying smack. 
 Bubbeleh you need to get to bed! It's late! Well, hurry up! 
My God, I never knew chickenpox was such a dangerous illness. That's not crazy at all, Sharon. Mothers do it all the time. Noo, no. And I'm pretty sure that strange little boy Kenny has the chickenpox right now. How would you boys like to have a little slumber party at your friend Kenny's house tonight? I don't understand it. He's perfectly healthy. Are you sure you stayed over at Kenny's house? Did you sleep in the same room? Bubbe, how would you like to spend the night at your friend Kenny's house again? Well I think you need to spend more time with your friends. I'm gonna give Mrs. McCormick a call. ''No'', bubbeleh. You play with Kenny some more. I've got a ''great'' game for you. It's called "ookie mouth". First, you let Kenny spit in your mouth. Then you try to swallow his spit and say "ookie mouth" at the same time. No, no, bubbe, it's loads of fun. Try it. That ought to take care of it. Oh, no thank you. It's ''terrific'' though, it's-- You don't have any tea bags or coffee grounds to go in the hot water, do you? I see. Well, you certainly have aab- humble home, Mrs. McCormick. Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Try again, bubbe! You know, your husband and mine used to work together as teenagers. ''Real''ly? I met Gerald in college, so I didn't know. What happened to them? Well that's too bad. I'm sure your husband's a fine man. But if they were such good friends it seems silly that they don't even talk anymore. Let's get them together! We'll just arrange a little fishing trip for them or something. Practice makes perfect, bubbe. No I don't understand it, Dr. Schwartz, he's ''perfectly'' healthy. He's been over at Kenny's house three days in a row and still hasn't caught the chickenpox. I don't know what else to do. We sent the ''other'' boys over and ''they'' all got sick, but I can't get my little Kyle to catch it.  Kyle, what are ''you'' doing there, honey?  I'll call you back, Dr. Schwartz.  What, ''bubbeleh'', what is it? ''Oy''. It was for your own good, Kyle. I wanted you to get chickenpox while you were young. Now, Kyle, come here. Hoh boy. So how was it? Did you boys have a good time fishing? Catch anything? Well, darling, I have to tell you something. He didn't invite you. I set the whole thing up. ''I'' thought it would be ''good'' for you.  I'm doing the best I can!  Oh good, maybe you finally caught the chicken-- Kyle!! And how are you, Kyle? What-what-whaaat?! You did this?! It's true. We were wrong for deceiving you about it. 
Kyle, what are you doing here?! This is very dangerous! Kyle, get back into the carnival this instant! You can't be out on the streets! Okay, here! 
Oy..! Thank you, Chef. Oh, of course! Here you go. Leaving so soon? Well, best of luck to you, then. Pretty much what I expected. 
It's so nice of you to take all the boys with you.  Goodbye, ''bubbe''! Be careful! 
Be safe, Kyle. Bring me something back from the rainforest. Oh, I didn't realize. 
It's okay,  I'll just call some 20-year old and have him come over.  I'm just kidding. Why? Kyle.  We have a very strange little boy, Gerald. 
  Behold, the miracle of childbirth! 
It looks quite inviting. No hot tub for me! 
Hold still, Ike! We have to get you dressed! Where the heck is Kyle? Kyle! Go get the door, Kyle! ...Uhwell, Kyle, Jewbilee is sort of a ...''special'' thing. No, no, you're ''very'' special, Kenny. It's just that... well, Jewbilee is... for Jewish kids.  Kyle, eh, the problem is... Come on, Ike!  It's time to go to Squirts! You have to be in Squirts if you're too young to be a Jew Scout. Don't worry, Kenny. I'll fill you in on our faith on the way up there.  And then, Kenny, Abraham's wife bore him no children. She had a handmaid, an Egyptian, whose name was Hagar. And Sarai said unto Abraham, "Behold now, the Lord hath restrained me from bearing. I pray thee, go into my maid." Abraham begat Isaac, who the Lord then said to kill. But that was just a little silly trick to see if Abraham would do it. Ike, you behave! Oh my God, what is that?!  This retreat really ''is'' out of the way, isn't it? I'm sure they are. Good-bye, boys. Kyle and Ike, you be safe. And Kenny? Try and act Jewish.  
Hold on, kids.  Yes? Eehh, sure, come in.  What is it? Defiled? How? Dug her up? Why?? What?! Hoh, dear God!  Oooh.  O-o-o-o-oh! Okay, okay! I get the point! Just tell me what you're gonna do about it! O-o-ogh!   People stealing bodies to have sex with them? Pirate ghosts destroying the town? When did everything go so wrong? Well, this is all fine and good, but it doesn't explain what happened to my mother's body! 
What's a Chinpokomon? Well, why do you need one? ...Well then, the answer is no, Kyle. You just got money to buy your Cyborg Bill doll. Yeah. We told Kyle he could go if he did all his chores, and he did. Well, you know how it is, Randy. The more we forbid them to play with Chinpokomons, the more they're gonna love them. Sure. Apparently, they've been doing these camps in every city around the country; how bad can they be? But what toy? How? Kyle, it's over! 
Hello, boys! Oh, how precious! You boys are all playing dreidel. Now, you know that dreidel is a time-honored tradition for the Hebrew people. <poem><i>to make the dreidel spin </i></poem> <poem><i>You'll know </i></poem> <poem><i>our people always win.</i></poem> <poem><i>Now when you learn</i></poem> <poem><i>to make the dreidel spin </i></poem> <poem><i>You'll know </i></poem> <poem><i>our people always win.</i></poem> <poem><i>Keep spinning: learn</i></poem> <poem><i>to make the dreidel spin</i></poem> <poem><i>You'll know</i></poem> <poem><i>our people always win.</i></poem> We'll talk about this later, Gerald! <poem><i>Now when you learn</i></poem> <poem><i>to make the dreidel spin</i></poem> <poem><i>You'll know</i></poem> <poem><i>our people always win.</i></poem> <poem><i>Keep spinning: learn</i></poem> <poem><i>to make the dreidel spin</i></poem> <poem><i>You'll know</i></poem> <poem><i>our people- know our people always win.</i></poem> 
Sharon, your son has Attention Deficit Disorder too? I know what you mean. Kyle gets so hyper, sometimes he runs around and screams like a little eight-year-old. 
Oh, I'm so excited. I've always wanted to see Cirque du Cheville. Oh, this is so exciting Oh, that was wonderful! 
Kyle, Stan and his mother came over to visit you. They say it's his kidneys. Kyle always has been a diabetic and lately his kidneys have just been shutting down. I don't know what to do, Sharon. They wanna have him go into surgery, but they're so dangerous. Really? In People? Oh, well, with a name like "Miss Information" she must know something. Okay. I'll get our coats.  Toxins? You hear that, Kyle? You don't need surgery after all.  Really? Oh no! Wow. Well, I am on natural medicines. If only I had known sooner. Wonderful! Everything's going to be fine, Stan. We're bringing Kyle in tomorrow to see the Native Americans personally.  Okay, here he is. But you're more in touch with the earth. Yes, of course, but we don't have a kidney donor! How are you feeling, boubbie? 
 Mr. Garrison, you're a Klan member?! 
 Why? What did you do, Kyle?! Oh noooo, that's just Catholics. Us Jews don't believe in hell. Well..., Kyle..., they could be wrong, too. Kyle! 
Us Jews don't believe in hell. It's not that, Kyle. It's just that Eric's mother needs to see you all right away.  Just really quick; she says it's very important. I sure hope this works. 
Hello, Sharon. Where's your husband? Oh, so did Gerald.  This is "The Miracle Worker"? 
No, Kyle. Kyle, you're not old enough, and those concerts are dangerous and vile. Alright. Fine, Kyle, you can ''go'' to the Raging Pussies concert if you clean out the garage, shovel the driveway and bring democracy to Cuba! The whole thing. No you can't! We know, Kyle, but we just don't want you going to their concert. Kyle! Oh my God, this isn't happening. I would never touch my children like that. Ugh, please, just listen to me!  What about my children? Who will take care of them? Their grandmother's been dead for three years.  mother never raped you! Tell them! It's my fault. Say it! Tell them right now!! Oh, Gerald, I haven't seen you for so long! Oh, it's awful! Just awful. Kids!   It won't happen again.  
 It's getting late, boys. Why don't you come on up to bed. Alright, bubbe.  Oh, and boys? Happy Chanukah. 
Oh, he doesn't know that Mitchell slept with his wife, does he?  
He's able to use comedy to overcome his handicap! I love him!  
Ike, eat your gefilte fish.  That's nice, Kyle. Ike, eat! Well, it's nice to see you so interested in something, Kyle. Ike, for the love of Abraham, you are gonna eat this. Magic Camp? I don't know, bubbe, ask your father.  Ike, you will eat this! 
Ah-ah-ah-I'm afraid Kyle can't ride any amusement park rides for over a year because of his horrible hemorrhoid. Kyle, don't say such things! Kyle, we wanna tell you about the Book of Job. It's a story from the Bible.  But one day, Satan went up to Heaven and talked to God. Yes, in the Book of Job, Satan talks to God. And God says to Satan, "Have you seen Job? He is a great man, and he praises me every day." To which God said, "Oh yeah? I'll show you, Satan! I'll take those things away from Job and he will still praise my name." Then God sent his fireballs from the sky and killed his sheep and the rest of his employees.  Job was terribly sad, but he fell to his knees and said, "The Lord giveth, and the Lord taketh away," and praised God's name.  He was in terrible, miserable pain all day, every day. But he still kept his faith.  Basically. Isn't he getting any better, doctor?  Get the doctor! But then... are you saying...?  Oh Kyle! Kyle, you've got to fight!  That's it, baby. That's it. 
 From the school. It's easier to just leave it up to the school, but it's...just not a school subject. So you mean 17 as long as you're in love? 
That's your cousin's flight, Kyle. Hold the sign up nice and high so he can find us. He's your age and about your height. Oh, there he is.  How was your flight?  You remember Uncle Gerry.  And these are your cousins, Ike and Kyle. Let's get down to the baggage claim, Kyle.   Here we go, Kyle Two.  Oh, I'm so sorry, Kyle. What else can I fix you? Nonsense. Can't I make you some nice pasta? Or a frozen fish fillet?  Yes, Kyle Two? He's your cousin, Kyle Two. I told you already. He's my sister's son. That makes him your first cousin. Now Kyle Two, listen to me. Kyle is going through a very tough time in his life. His mother is very sick and he's in a whole new place. He's going to rely on you to make sure he fits in at your school. I'm sure your friends will love him. Kyle Two, he's your responsibility. I'm sure you two will become great friends with lots of late night pillow talk. Kyle Two, where is Kyle? Where on earth could he be?   What? Don't be ridiculous, Kyle Two. He's out playing with his new friends.  Kyle, what happened to you?? Oh you poor thing! Come upstairs and we'll get you out of those wet clothes.  Are you alright? Oh, it's been days! Where can he be? I'm gong to call the police again. Kyle Two, go down to the playground and look there.  You're back! Now that things have changed for Kyle, his mother needs him back. 
I don't get it. He must pull in at least two hundred thousand a year.  
I'm going to go take the boys to go see him at the hospital, Eric. We thought you might wanna come. 
Yes, it was ''fab''ulous! Well that sounds like a good deal. Oh, boy! Skiing in Aspen! I can't wait!  Oh, this is gonna be so much fun; I haven't skied in years! It's lovely. Thank you. Boys, we have to go to this time-share presentation real quick, but you go meet your ski instructor on the bunny hill. For only eight thousand dollars we can buy a condo here? Oh, you know, this ''is'' really great. Thank you.  There you are, boys! 
Well, this is ridiculous! I don't know how you raise ''your'' kids, but ''my'' son does not play negotiator with ''me''! HA! Give me fifteen seconds with Kyle and I'll have that door open!  This is ''your'' mother! You will open this door right now!  Kyle, if you don't do as you're told, I'm going to be very angry!  AAAAA! Open this door!! Open this door!!  Mmmrragh!! Dear God, it's been over thirteen hours! Let's all just go to bed and let them play their little game for as long as they can. Oh dear God, you've ruined everything. You're giving them a missile?? All right boys, it's time to go home. You've got some serious grounding time to start. 
 An abductor in our town? Yes, we need a barrier to protect our kids. But who can we get to build it? What-what-whaaat? Oh, boys! Don't ever forget that we love you!  Oh, this is terrible!  Ike? Kyle? We're sorry, kids. We just let all those sensationalist news reports go to our heads. 
 Kyle, I think you've bothered the Marshes enough. Oh, that's so touching.   They just believe in their little hearts that it will work. We can't tell them it won't, we just can't!  Kyle, it's just what some people do. 
Oh God, this, this is horrible!  How the hell do ''you'' know?!  Oh, this is just great! How could you two be so careless?! Not without their parents to put it in a proper context! They won't understand what they're seeing!  Oh, Gerald, poor Kyle must be just as confused and scared as this poor kid. This is awful! I just know with every passing minute, little Kyle is seeing more and more depraved sex acts! Hurry! Hurry! Oh, Kyle! You're safe! That's right, but sometimes a woman chooses to use other things. Telephones, staplers, magazines. It's because the nerve endings in the vagina are so sensitive, it's like a fun tickle. It's also important that you understand ''why'' some people choose to urinate on each other. Yeah, come on boys. Time to get home.  
Oh, hi boys. That's great. We're having our book of the month club meeting, so why don't you boys go outside and play? Kyle! You know better than to discriminate against homosexuals! That's right! I think it's time you kids took a little trip to the Museum of Tolerance!  Then it's settled. Boys, you're going to tolerance camp. Yes. You boys don't know how much we suffered.  
Kyle! 
Gerald, this is ten dollars a hand! Well I don't wanna play here! There's daddy! Where have you guys been? We've been looking all over. Gerald, what are you talking about? Oh, Gerald, I, I can't watch! Boys, that's ridiculous. 
My goodness, there certainly are a lot of gay shows on television these days. It is? I don't know. Sometimes boys take cultural fads too far...  Kyle! What happened to you?! WHAT?? Your classmates beat you up for being a Jew? Gerald! Gerald, get down here! The boys at school beat him up, Gerald. Kyle! 
Kyle, don't belittle your own people! 
Well I think we better just go without him, Kyle. It's getting late.  Okay, boys. Get in the car.  Oh, hello Chris, Linda. That's very good of you, boys. We can postpone Casa Bonita until next Saturday. I'll drive you boys.  Wait up, Eric. We need to stay together.  He's okay. Yes, Eric Cartman is with us. Why?  Yes, I will certainly let him know. Thank you.  Eric, the South Park Police are already on their way here to have a little talk with you! 
Smoking? Of course they haven't, because the tobacco companies have gotten to them first. This is really their fault. No matter how much money the anti-smoking groups spend, the tobacco companies are there to fill our children's heads with lies and propaganda that make them ''wanna'' smoke. We need the help of the greatest anti-smoking celebrity that ever lived. Rob Reiner. So Kyle, it wasn't the tobacco company that made you wanna smoke? Well then, you are grounded, mister! 
Gerald, what the hell is going on? Well, we wish you all the best, Mr. and Mrs. Gintz, but to be honest, I think it would be best for Ike if you didn't come around again. Are you crazy?! The new Canadian Prime Minister? I think you'd better leave. No! Gerald, do something! 
Oh my God! This is what happens when the moral fabric of society breaks down!  
Whatwhatwhaaat?! 
Well our boys have really taken a liking to you. You seem to really have a way with them. 
Sharon, isn't that your father? 
Oh, Kyle isn't home right now, hon. 
Gerald, that is very closed-minded of you! You shouldn't judge people who want to change.  You see, Kyle, sometimes a person' outside doesn't reflect who they are on the inside. They feel like they're somebody trapped in another person's body. And so, they can have a surgery  that makes them more into the person they see themselves as. Do you understand? There. You see, Gerald? He totally understands. What?? Absolutely not, Kyle! Yes, but Kyle- Kyle, you have to accept your body the way it is. The answer is NO, Kyle! You're NOT going to have negroplasty! Where are you going?!  Gerald! What happened to you?! A dolphin?!?!  Gerald, this is crazy! 
We we need you to take care of them, Eric! They're out of control! Well, we can promise not to buy one for Kyle, but we-we can't make him watch you play th-  Oh yes! Fine! We'll force Kyle to watch you. Look out for yourselves! 
Who's that? 
Mr. Garrison, are you all right? Kyle!  
 Kyle bubbe, we're taking Ike to the new Harry Potter movie. Wanna join us? All right. Well, there's pizza in the fridge if you and your friends get hungry.  Oh yes, that's my bubbe. Kind of a bad drawing though. I'm sorry, he just left. He's on his way to Mexico. Yehhs. As part of a school project, he's helping his class to move two donated grand pianos to needy school children in Tijuana. My little bubbe is very caring. 
Oh Gerald, it's beautiful. Oh it's gorgeous. These old houses are so neat. No! Hello, how are you? 
Why would ''Family Guy'' so blatantly insult Muslims? Kyle? Kyle, what are you watching?! Gaaah! It's ''Family Guy''! Quick, Gerald, do something!  You boys know you're not supposed to watch that careless show! You boys don't understand anything! It's obvious that you ALL need Muslim-sensitivity training! Wait a minute!  Where's Ike?! Ike!  
Hello bubbe, how was school today? Oh, come on, school isn't all that bad. Whatwhatwhaaat?! We have to do something! It is obvious our children are still completely confused about 9/11! Mr. Mackey, there are more important things going on here! 
 Kyle, I need you to go get your brother over at his teacher's house. Tell his teacher I'm sorry, but I forgot he has a doctor's appointment today. He's been going there in the afternoons for private tutoring. Miss Stevenson? Yes. She's very nice. That's great. Yes, Ike, you like Spider-Man, don't you? Mommy loves you too, sweetie. Sex? Oh bubbe, Ike is much too young.   Help! Please, I need your help! That teacher, Miss Stevenson, she, she left town with my son! I got a note saying they're going to Milan! No, it's true! This is serious! Are you going to do nothing?! 
Hello? Ohh, hello, Mrs. Cartman.  Excuse me? 
Our son is a good kid. He just didn't understand Tourette's was a real disease. Oh, thank you Eric. 
Kyle, leprechauns aren't real. You're almost nine now; you need to understand the difference beween real and imaginary. Oh,hello Eric.  Kyle, your friend is here. Whatwhatwhat?! 
Kyle, what's the matter? You barely touched your knishes. What? That's ridiculous. My little bubbeleh is adorable! You're not ugly, Kyle. You're my perfect little man. You look just like your father.  Kyle, you are very handsome and perfect in every way. Kyle, come back here!  
There there, bubbe, you'll be okay.  Oh doctor, did you find anything? Is it strep? Oh, well there's a relief. No, why? Doctor, what are you saying? HIV? No, that's impossible! Kyle? Kyle! 
Hey Sharon, Randy, great harvest, huh?  
 Kids are doing this? Huh?   Don't lie to us, Kyle! Gerald, what are we gonna do? Our son is a cat pee addict! What are you gonna do?  Gerald?! Don't touch me. 
 Oh my God. 
That's exactly why I told Kyle not to hang around that boy. Obviously Craig has gotten them into some kind of trouble. 
 No-o Kyle, you'll be in debt for the rest of your life!  
 Oh Kyle, he's gone! Your little brother's run away from home! He left a note saying he's never coming back. Oh Gerald, what are we gonna do? 
Oh yes, Gerald! I've been so naughty!  Gerald, what has gotten into him? 
We've all read the book now and it is very shocking to say the least. We were actually so moved by your book, Butters, that we brought Mr. Needlebaum from Penguin Publishing to read it. 
How about a Halloween costume with one of those plastic masks? 
 Where did you hear that? A new family moved in? Where are they from?  New Jersey? A family from New Jersey moved in next to the Marshes?  Oh, God. Poor Sharon. Doesn't she know? Never invite a New Jersey housewife into your home.   All you trashy whores get the fuck out of here and leave her alone!  That won't work. You can't just tell people from Jersey you don't like them. No matter how obnoxious they are, they will convince themselves that you all actually think they're cool. That's when I knew I had to tell everyone the truth: that originally I'm from Jersey.  I'm just really hoping that people here don't judge me for it, or or, somehow, you know, hold it against me. You wouldn't understand. It's a Jersey thing.   Kyle? You in there? Kyle, open the door. Kyle, this instant! One, two.  I guess we need to talk. I know this has to be very upsetting for you, Kyle. When I got pregnant with you, Kyle, your father and I were living with my parents in Newark. We knew we had to get out. Neither of us wanted our child to be from Jersey, so we moved. As far away as we could. But now I realize you can take the fetus out of Jersey, but you can't take Jersey out of the fetus. I'm saying that for the first two months I carried you in my stomach, I lived in Newark. Technically, you are from Jersey. It isn't so bad, Kyle, a lot of people think the Jersey look is nice! 
Sharon, I'm so sorry. Well, if it'll make you feel better about yourself, then work out, Sharon. There are plenty of things you can buy to get a good workout at home. Have you heard of the Shake Weight? 
What's good about a bunch of crap sounds to a drumbeat? 
No, no, hold on. If the seat can't raise up the men will just pee all over it. 
 Yes, yes, one week from seder dinner on Friday to the next Friday. Well, because in ancient Egypt, God passed over the houses marked with the blood of a lamb.  Well, you're very welcome. 
Oh dear, did the Cialis commercial turn you on again?  Oh, Gerald... Oh, hello.  Oh, dear, but I'm barely dressed. Oh, you're so rough with me, Mr. UPS man! Oh yes! Do it harder, UPS man! That's right, Kyle.  Give me that! What we do in our bedroom is our business! 
Oh, Kyle, your little brother is, getting older. He's not a baby anymore. It's natural, bubbe. Part of getting older is finding ways to assert your independence. You know. Why don't you go and try to talk to him - you can win him over again.  
Hi bubbe. What is it, Kyle? 
Sure. You bet. 
 Kyle, Bill Cosby is here to see you. Yes. Yes.  Oh Kyle! Your hash tag is really trending. I saw the commercial. He's upstairs playing with all his friends. 
 Gerald! We're going to the park. You wanna come along? Why don't you take a break from Yelping, Gerald? You seem a little overwhelmed. Well there's chicken in the fridge if you get hungry. Okay. Have fun.  Gerald, I'm taking Ike to clown school. You care to joing us? 
My God, what children are capable of now. What kind of hate would have to be in that child's heart? Did you talk to him? Oh, that's good. Oh, right, right, yeah. All right. Night Gerald. 
Gerald, you've been sitting at the table for three hours now. You okay? Not at all, Gerald. I'm sorry. Well! I know you said your computer was broken. So, I went ahead and got you something.  Here, it's your own iPad.  You don't like it? Gerald,  what's going on? Okay, Gerald. I'll make us some lunch.  Oh uh, did that guy outside talk to you?  You don't have to work tonight? Wow! I don't remember the last time you were able to get in bed the same time as me. Hey, I'm not complaining.  It feels good to have you here.  Gerald?   One night you, you say all of our computer stuff is broken and you, you hide everything and then you show up with all of this new equipment and now this! Please, tell me what's going on! . But I know you watch porn. You told me you watched porn and I told you that I don't care, Gerald. Why?! Because it's not normal porn? Like something really embarrassing? Tell me! Piss porn? Like people peeing on each other? Do you want me to pee on you? You only like watching other women pee?  Because they're pretty? You have to watch around a video because I'm overweight and old? You do, promise?  Am I doing it right, Gerald? 
Gerald, you're back from your convention? Well, can I make you guys somethin' to eat? 
About what??  Urologia has been around since the time of the Greeks! Gerald, you don't have to listen to them. 
 Ike! What are you doing?!  Yes yes, hello?! You have to come home from helping the government, Gerald! I just caught Ike trolling Mrs. Herrera! Yes! The school troll is our son, Gerald! You should see all the things he's posted on his computer!  Gerald?! I know! Okay. Okay yeah, I love you too. I know. Bye.  Don't talk to him! He is in big trouble! It's him, Kyle! Your brother is the internet troll who's caused all this pain in our community! It was him all along. Now we have to figure out what to tell people when they learn this ugliness came from our family.  This ugliness came from our family! Kyle? Ike?! Whatwhatwhaaat?!  
 What were you thinking?! How dare you outright defy me like that! Your brother was being punished for using the computer and you decide to just leave with him? You felt bad for him, after all the horrible things he said to people online?! Your brother is a sick troll, Kyle! You just wait until your father gets home.   Kyle, Ike! What the hell is this?! What did I say?! Get off of that computer riiight ''nooooow!''  Are you serious right now?!  Get off that computerrrr! I don't care, I said no computers! You kids are addicted to the Internet! You're sick, and you're addicted! It's changed your brother, and now it's turning you against me, Kyle! You are! Your father goes away on business and all you do is defy me at every turn! The next time you defy me, it will be your last! Do you understand?! And when your father gets home from Denmark, you two are both going in for counseling. The government sent him over to do paralegal training, so it would've nice if you could've shown a little support!  Yes?  You get back here, you little monster!  Where is he?! Where is your brother?!      
You boys...better not be on that computaaaaaaah! I'll make you pay for this. You locked your mother in the pantry? I'll lock you in your rooms forevaaah. -ah!  Ike!  You dare lock me in the pantry, so you can play on your computer?!  You're gonna pay for what you have done! Ike!  You...! You helped turned your brother this way! Shut up! Not another word from either of you! You're both grounded from the computer...forever!  Do you think I'm stupid?! You both march out of here, right now! Laura, have my boys come to see Craig? They're hiding from me. What? What? What? I don't know what you're talking about. May I use this a moment? There's nothing here. Maybe Kyle was telling the truth.  Oh Laura! I think my boys were being honest with me. I accused Ike of...of...well, I can't really say, but this thing says that he's clean. I got to find my boys, Laura. Thank you so much.  No, I-I have to respect Gerald's privacy. I shouldn't do this.  What the hell just happened?! 
Ike! Kyle! 
Who are you people? NO! You will not take my children from me! Monday?!  Ike!  
Look, I don't know what kind of mother wouldn't vaccinate their child, but it's putting everyone in danger, and that's why-  
Hi, Sharon. We just know you're going through a really hard time right now. We wanted to bring you guys some lasagna. Oh, look at that, Sharon. You took down all the pictures of marijuana. 
When I look out across this room, I see the backbone of our community. The women of this town need to stand together.  I'm alright. Oh...   Oh, hi Laura. I was! But I had an amazing procedure. I had a fecal transplant. A fecal transplant. It's when they take the feces of a healthy donor and place it in your anus. I feel like a million dollars! I was! But I had a fecal transplant. I'm telling you girls, it's solved every problem I've ever had. I've lost weight, I have more energy, I even think my arthritis is clearing up.  Thanks, Janice. Fecal transplant! Oh it's amazing. You know I could never eat like this before. My allergy to shellfish has literally gone away. ... Um, what? Oh heh, well, you know girls, if the doctor doesn't think it's safe, you probably shouldn't be doing DIY transplants. Yeah.  I mean, i-it's not that I don't want to share everything with my friends, it's just uh, you know, uh, I'm sorry, it's uh, it just doesn't seem right.  Oh, this is Kyle. Sorry, girls, let me take this. [leaves the table] Harriet? You're looking chipper today. I though the doctor wouldn't give you a fecal transplant, Harriet. Where did you get the feces? What? You're joking! Girls, can I just say... you both look fantastic. Well, it's great you guys are doing it the natural way. amd we don't have to deal with Harriet anymore. [the doors fly open and Harriet enters, having thrown up on herself.] Harriet, I do not like your tone. What are you talking about? So you DID take my poo, huh, Harriet?! Oh, IS it? 'Cause the girls told me you called me the C-word the other day. Girls, this was all my fault. I think I got a little carried away bragging about my fecal transplant. Kyle, how did you do it? I mean, how did you even know what was going on? 
How are you going to do this? How can this happen, Doctor? 
Gerald… why is Kyle wearing my makeup on his face? 
