Thank you, PC Principal. Alright everyone, listen up. I'm the new vice principal of this school. My name is Strong Woman. I've already spent a few days here at the school watching and observing and we definitely have things we can all be working on.  You really think I couldn't have handled that? Myself? You really had to grab the mic out of my hand like that? I want the girls here at this school to know that they can talk to me about anything, but I also want the boys to know what I'm looking for is a better place for everybody.  Turning this school around is going to take work from everyone.  Sorry, am I not doing this correctly? You felt it wasn't strong enough? Me just saying it?  I'm looking forward to being your vice principal, and I'm looking forward to turning this school around. I'm not finished! Thanks everyone. Alright, listen up.  I fully appreciate that some of you might be uncomfortable with me being here. Earlier today, I noticed that some faculty weren't sure whether to call me "Miss Woman" or just "Strong." If I were a man, you'd probably address me as Vice Principal Woman, so why should it be any different, huh? We good? So I've been getting to know some of the students here and I'm definitely hearing a lot of frustration and confusion over issues that all the schools are facing right now. I also spent some time observing in the cafeteria and was pretty shocked by the abusive and intolerant language.   It's, it's coming from over here somewhere. You may enter.  Yes?  What can I do for you? Please, by all means.  You want to blame farts? That seems kind of ridiculous, doesn't it? I mean, it's a slippery slope when we start pointing the finger at our own shortcomings. Kind of sounds like something my mother would say, actually. What the hell is that? Let's go! Everyone to the gymnasium now! I'm coming too. I'm your vice principal. What's wrong? Okay? What? What? Yes, there is. Why do you need to open the door? Somebody's gonna have to open the door, or we could die out here. 
Mr. White, we assure you that we run this school in a very [glances at PC Principal] professional manner and don't let [glances again] personal emotions get in the way. [glances again. He looks back, and their eyes are locked]  Uh, no. Mr. and Mrs. White, we promise that we will not let anything happen that might bring the integrity of this school into question. We have a reservation. Woman. [Takes a deep breath] Strong. We can't keep doing this. People are gonna see through it. Nobody will understand. Oh my God! I told you we couldn't hide. 
Yes, PC Principal? What would we need to discuss?! Hey! I am a strong woman, all right?! I don't get manipulated! We both are guilty of an ill-advised relationship at the workplace, but that was long ago, and I have decided to move forward. Why not? We make a mistake, we move forward. Nope! We're just gonna forget about it and put it to rest. No, I don't! Bye-bye.  That's right, kids. Many women today make the choice to have children without a man in their lives. They can have their eggs fertilized by an unknown person's sperm in a lab.  Ooohhhhhhh!  Oh! Ooohhhhhhh! I'm fine! That's my water breaking. Not a big deal.   I didn't need your help! Yeah, well, people might get the wrong idea! I have worked my whole life to be the strongest woman possible, a person little girls could look up to. If those girls thought I was the type to get knocked up by my boss- There's nothing to discuss! I made a mistake and I am MOVING FORWARD! My babies! Where are they? You shouldn't be here! People will start getting suspicious! Nobody took advantage of me! And I'm a strong woman! Oh yes, that curriculum should be fine for the students. I'll start working on an all-school proposal. It's okay. Shhh. We just need to get some diapers. Shhh. Thank you. Oh no, no, they're not very PC at all. They actually aren't PC. Oh God, shhhh, nonononono. Sheee. I told you we need to shop separately! Sh! Shhh! They're so PC, like... whoever their father is.  We did the most un-PC thing imaginable. Think about what that would do to them. We can never let them know the debaucherous, sickening circumstances that brought them into this world. And I'll be their strongest vice principal, and hopefully... the world will calm down and not do anything to upset them. 
Children, everyone, just stay back, okay? The police are coming. Oh thank God. Some kindergartners found the body. I-I don't think it was a shooting. Over there.  
 I could use a little help here! Riley said a word her sister felt was insensitive to Muslims. Now they're all upset. She just said "Aba daba." Oh, yeah. That would be really smart. If anybody sees them, they're gonna figure out you're the father. You wanna risk that? The babies have to stay hidden because if people know the truth, then you're not PC and I'm not strong!  What the fuck are you doing?!  Hey! What the fuck are you doing?! With a box on your head?! I don't need a box on my head to use the phone! All right, Riley. Give that back to your brother.  River?? Bailey?! Emory?! I can't believe you were on your phone! It was my time to be on the phone! You were on yours all morning! Yes!  Oh God, I'm not doing this again. No! No, we don't want to file anything specific. We just need help finding some PC babies. Nono, it's five specific PC babies. No! No, these PC babies wouldn't have gotten that far! They can barely walk. I'm their mother. Woman.  Strong. Don't be ridiculous! I'm not some two-bit floozy who goes around sleeping with her boss! I am a strong woman! Those kids were born naturally by in-vitro fertilization.  We'll uh, see what we can do. In the meantime you'll just have to take a seat and wait.   Riley? You're okay! Thank God!  I'm their... vice principal. They.... did all that? I've always used the phone as a way to deal with the stress of having babies nobody could know the truth about, but... it's only made it worse. Yeah, I think so.  I don't think anyone's listening to you. I guess we can wait and ban the boxes tomorrow?  
I'm strong! I'm Strong Woman!  I'm gonna smoke the competition!  Oh no. It's the babies. Oh, no! I left Disney+ on and it went to Mulan. No, because Mulan is a female that identifies as male and yet the movie doesn't take the time to address real trans issues. Well, thank you PC Principal. Um, listen, guys. I just hope I can make you proud, and more importantly, I hope you can see that no matter who you are, you can do anything. We've really come a long way breaking down gender-binary bigotry, and I hope I can especially inspire some of my girl students here. Yes, or those who identify as girls. Get out there and get involved in school sports and clubs. If there's something you love, don't ever let anything hold you back. Oh yeah. I'm ready, David. There are just so many amazing women athletes out here today it makes me so proud. Amazing. I feel honored to be a part of history. I have a lot of incredible trans friends who are athletes, and so we're all inspired this woman is competing. Uh, no, I've never competed against her before, no. Well, what is an "average trans athlete"? Honestly, I find that kind of bigoted, David. Uh, good luck, Heather. Yeah... Just don't! You'll upset the PC babies. Emory, stop playing with your food.  What's going on-? Oh, hi Heather. Oh, that's... really cool. I'm sorry, but I have all the kids right now, and they're- Just don't. You're gonna upset the PC babies. What do you mean? She's not getting to me. Because I know her. It's Blade Jaggart. He - she - is my ex-boyfriend. Back when we were together he was such an asshole. When I finally broke up with him, he said one day he was going to get me back. And now he's got us both by the balls. He hates wome- she, hates women. When I left him, he felt he got beat by a girl, and nothing makes Blade Jaggart more crazy than getting beat by a girl. Oh God, what is he doing? Are you just... not gonna come home? P, you can't just shut down because you're afraid of how the babies are gonna react. You know how they are. They're babies. Their minds are made up before anyone says anything. Uh, hey students. As you know, we've had some issues here at the school that we're working very hard to correct. So today we are... honored... to have a motivational speaker. She is the current Strong Woman competition, and also the champion in women's MMA fighting, and in women's wrestling. Please welcome the inspiring Heather Swanson.  You sure you're ready for this? Yes, kids, and look who else is here. They don't care. They must see the nuance to this whole situation. And we didn't realize that our little babies are growing up.  
