Lord, on this day of thanks, we would like to extend our deepest gratitude for this incredible bounty of green beans you have bestowed upon us. And though for some reason you found it necessary to take our son from us, and though you for some reason find pleasure in watching us suffer, still, we give thanks. Amen. God Damn-it. 
We're fine, officer.  Just me and my wife and my brother. And my wife's cousin and his son and my brother's girlfriend and our two kids-- --and my brother's girlfriend's mother, and this guy Bob, who I met last year.  What—What did you say? Shut up, bitch! Look what she did to my fuckin' eye. Aagh! 
Yeah? What? Don't you know Kenny's sick with--? Oh yeah. We don't have a Nintendo. We got a ColecoVision hooked up to the black-and-white TV. Lord, we thank you for this ''staggering'' payload of frozen waffles you have bestowed upon us. And since we have been ''faith''ful to you, we ''know'' that you ''will'' send us some good fortune ''one'' of these days, even though you sure as hell seem to be taking your sweet time. Amen. So, Kyle, your dad's still bringing home those big, fat lawyer paychecks?  You know, your dad and I used to be best friends when we were teenagers. We would work together at Pizza Shack. But ''he'' got promoted and went off to community college and I didn't. And you know why? 'Cause your dad's ''Jewish''! Hey, is it ''my'' fault you don't know how to cook?! You just don't know how to use spices and stuff. Hey! We don't say "fuck" at the table, you little asshole! I didn't know you like to fish, Gerry. Tackle box? When you're uh-unemployed, weekends are meaningless. Beer? Hu hu hu hu heh yeah. It took us damn near two years to finish it.  That's where I live now. Not that easy. You were lucky. You had rich parents. You got to go to that expensive community college.  I wanted to be somebody, too! I just wasn't born with a silver ''enema'' up my ass! Now don't make me do that again! Uh! Oh! Eeaagghh! Aww hell, I'm sorry, too. 
Who the hell could that be? .  Kenny, wasn't that your fat, racist, foul-mouthed friend, Eric Cartman? 
 Now, remember, if they have left-over turkey, put some in a bag and bring it home, okay?  See you in a couple of days, son. 
 Hih yeah, and it's got quite a kick, too. I'm tired of losing this battle! That's right! Maybe we should do what the Confederates would've done and march on to Topeka! Freeze, buddy. These are blanks, but they still hurt like hell!  Me, too. Uh, how much do you think a bus ticket back to Colorado is gonna run?  
What happened? What killed him, doctor? Rod Stewart's gonna be in Vegas? 
Ah, hello? This is Kenny's dad, back in America. I miss my son very much. I would like to see him returned to me so that the U.S. government will buy me a new car and-  Man. 
 Come on, let's go try to get you pregnant again. Huh? Uh, I'll play catch with your later, son. Aw, alright. Well alright, here comes a pop fly. See if you can catch it!  Aw, he smacked me in the balls!  And he fixed my shattered left testicle, too! Well, ''I'' can still drink.  Ogh, that hits the spot. Makes me forget all about my shattered balls.  Who-o-oa. Oh, God, I'm gonna crap my pants!  Oohhh, God!  Are you sure you should be going on this thing? What did he say?  ...John Denver Experience. Oh, God, my nose! I think I broke my nose! Oh, I'm not gonna make it! I'm gonna be sick!  Oh my God, it killed Kenny! Kenny, what the hell are you doing?!  Kenny??   What the-? No, wait, no, WAH, NO, WAAAAAH!   Coo, cootchy-coo, coohoohoohoo, cootchy-coo. Oh, he's so beautiful. I know it's been hard on both of us losing poor Kenny. But this new baby kind of reminds me of him.  Well, seeing as though Kenny passed away, maybe we should name him ah,... Kenny. God, this must be the fiftieth time this has happened. 
Well, now, that's part of the fun. You boys just make sure to obey the scout leader now. He's the man in charge. Look! I'm not saying the new scout leader's a bad person, I just don't think he should be a scout leader! He's really, really gay. I have nothing against homosexuals either, Randy, but the big camping trip is next week! Are you sayin' you're fine with this guy campin' overnight, alone, with our boys?? Uh, Kenny, it's nine o'clock. Uh huh! Your wife, huh? Yeah. Now they're acting like men. I heard that. Kenny? 
Yeah. Why, just this afternoon our son was caught beatin' off our dog.  
What the hell was that? Yep, me too. How is it? 
 Now, come on, everybody, just because a few priests in the country have been corrupted doesn't mean that ''all'' priests are child molesters. 
 Yes? Uh... boys... Kenny died ...last December. Don't you remember? We haven't seen you boys for so long, we thought you'd forgotten all about him. No. That's an urn, boys. Kenny's inside it. Thang-thanks for coming by, boys. Ih-ih, it means a lot to us.  Kenny, do you by any chance know what happened to my Playboys?  You WHAT?? 
If the Founding Fathers saw you burning your flag an' callin' the President a Nazi, they'd roll over in their grave! Well your side has the grocery store. Well nobody wants to hear a bunch o' rock protest songs!  Kenny. What are you doing over here with all these un-American traitors?! Look! My son is a patriot and LOVES his country!  Come on, Kenny! NOW! Eh-ah, I guess we owe ''you'' one. <i>We can be a nation that believes in war.</i> 
Sit down, Jer-Jer! ''Queer Eye For the Straight Guy'' is on. Yeah. Metrosexual means you're straight, but you appreciate the gay culture. We can make floats and decorate them with streamers and flowers! Hey hefe. You want some cerveza?  
 Hey, I heard that, bitch!  How about I come in there and kick your teeth in! Goddamnit, do you have to smart off at me in my own house?! It's a miracle... Kenny, you're alive. He can't more on his own-ah how will he eat? I-I don't know if it's right to keep Kenny alive on that machine. I-I just... I don't know what he would want. Wha, what's the matter, doctor? 
Are you feelin' better? A football? That's amazing. Oh my freaking Lord. 'Cause he's Bono, that's why. With the right diet and training, who knows what you're capable of? 
Where were the teachers?! 
We can't take on all of Jersey. We have to find support. What's the point? Can't you see it's over?  
'Cause I paid for it, you stupid bitch!  I told you to shut up! Uh what the hell do you want this time? Hey look, w-we did what you told us! W-w-we treat our kids better and we don't beat each other up as much. Oh. Uhuh, sss-so now what? We've been arrested lots of times, Mysterio. Oh, that thing. Nooo, we weren't in that stupid group. They just used to offer free beer at their meetings, so we would go. Trust us, we don't remember. Uh uh, I know it sounds hard to believe, but we were actually really drunk the entire time. Where they always did. Jim McElroy's house. I don't think so.  
What? Whaaat?! 
You think you're man enough to fight me, you little shit?!  You're hurting my arm! You're hurting me! I'm white trash and I'm in trouble.  
If my wife was having sex with the UPS man, I'd want you guys to tell me! A man's wife is his life, Mr. UPS man.  Yeah, but at least we never have to deal with that UPS driver again. 
No, they just did their usual cable-company runaround. 
What the hell is he wearin' now? 
Jesus. It's begun. God. Nice! Oh yeah!  
It's a lot of natural. 
What do you mean? What's cock Magic? I don't go to any cock Magic fights! 
Yeah. And, you can't bully our kids like that. Stunning. She is absolutely beautiful, and an inspiration. No no, we're totally fine with it. 
Who is?  Hey, what are you people doing?!  Yeah I got concerns! I don't want you touching my damn house! What lower-income residents?! Me?! I work hard and provide for my family just fine! Fuck you! If you people wanna turn somethin' into a vibrant arts district, then do it to Randy's house! We can't afford $10 ice cream, alright?! If you want nice things, then go out and get a JOB! Except you won't make MONEY!  Just face it: things are never gonna change around here. Shut your damn mouth, bitch!  Well? Did you make any money? Ha, told ya! That's how it works in this damned country. 
 Goddammit! You people all get out of here! 'Cause this is my fuckin' house! Yeah, we've got a bunch of drunk-addict vagrants trespassing on our yard and we need assistance. What are you talkin' about? There's homeless people here and they're scarin' my kids! You need to come do somethin' about this! Why does that matter? God Dammit!  They're not coming! Well that's just too bad! The cops won't come, so there's nobody to scare the homeless away! 
What time are the other guys gettin' there? Kevin said he's bringing it.  It's like a witch pursuit thingy. Oh my God. Right. Right right right.  What'd you do with the children? 
It all does seem pretty meaningless. 
You're drivin' carpool today or not?  "Amazon regrets the recent workplace accident and is working to better train its workers so that no future accidents occur." This is what we've been reduced to! We are the backbone that makes the fulfillment center work! Maybe they should see what it would be like if we didn't show up for work!   Amazon workers, we are on strike!   Here comes the bus! Hey, it's Stotch!  
Jeff Bezos?!  Are you freakin' kiddin' me?! Why is Jeff Bezos sending you packages? Do you even care there's a strike going on?! Bike parade?! You dad is part of the strike, you little shit!   I just thought you'd want to know the kind of people you're sellin' out for. It's Josh, man! He's gone missing!  
Oh, shit. 
How long has this store been here? Any of you pussy teenagers wanna Airsoft against some drunk rednecks? That's it, son! Light 'em up! Of course they won't! I saw half of 'em break their guns in frustration. 
