Herro, Shitty Wok, take your order prease. Yes, this Shitty Wok  Shitty Beef...   Hello! City Wok! City Wok, I take your order prease! Welcome to Shitty Wok. You rike to try Shitty Chicken today? You want the Shitty Beef? Which one? I see two fat friends. ...Why? Oh! You mean like-a Jared?! ''His name is Jared, he lose some weight. Shitty Wok food sure is great.'' Yeah, okay. That sound good. Saw if he lose weight eating Shitty Wok, I pay use to use him in commercial. Welcome ta Shitty Wok. Take your order prease. He lose weight eating Shitty Wok? Oh no, no way! I not putting no Jared in my Shitty Wok commercial! Don't you know? Everybody hate Jared. He want everyone in world to have AIDS. He sick in the head. I don't want Shitty Wok have nothing to do with Jared land his AIDS. Yah they, they gonna kill him. They gonna kill Jared downtown right now. Oh boy, this is fantastic! I so grad AIDS is funny now. Sure 'kay. I pay you fifteen dowlars. Hey, I'm not a-Subway, I Shitty Wok. Shitty Wok don't have... million dollars. Okay.  Hey, you kids know why chicken cross the road? 'Cause it has AIDS.  
I don' build wall. I just own un' operate City Wok.  Oh, I get it. Just because I Chinese, you think I build wall. That i' bullshit! I'm not stereotype, okay?! Just because I'm Chinese doesn't mean I go around building wall! I'm just a normal person like all o'you! I eat ahrice and drive ahreally slow, just like the rest o'you! I'm not stereotype! Hey. Hey hey!  God-damnit, how come every time us Chinese put up a wall, stupid Mongorians have to come and knock it down? Okay. Finary.  God-damned Mongorians. Eh. Eh, eh, there we go.  God-damned Mongolians!! You break down my city wall last time!! Hahahaha! My masterpiece!  Oh! I'm going to get you Nogodians, if it's the last thing I do! Ah. Hey daw. O'er 'ere. O'er 'ere, dog. Got som'in sweet and souh foh ya.  Good dog! That's it! Keep licking, dog! Hahahahahaaa! I'm free, Mongolians! And now I'm gonna make you PAY! Awright, Mongolians! Your only way through this wall is through me. This is my rast stand! I'm gonna do my war dance now.   Aw, you'd better not say what I think you're gonna say. Oh, God! I hate this whole shitty! 
Rook! Ifuh somebody ordereduh shitty beef, anduh complain because they say they ordereduh shitty shrimp, It's notuh my fault he gets the shitty chicken poured all over hisuh fuckin' head!  That's enough! I've beem sick of everyone talk aboutuh penis shize! Not me. 
Welcome to Shitty Wok. Can I take a order prease?  Wha you talking 'bout? A what? Ret me see that!  Oh no, a sushi prace? How come every time a hard-working Chinese man open a business, some shmelly Japanese dog has to come and try invade him?! Where is this Japanese-uh toiret bowl?! How far from my Shitty Wok?! What?! Whaaat?!  What's the big idea putting your Shitty Sushi right next to my Shitty Wok?! No I don't want Shitty tuna roll! I want you to go find another shitty town to open your Shitty Sushi prace! I ''am'' speaking Engrish! Why don't ''you'' speak a fucking Engrish, you soba eating fuck! Come on, kid, you don't wanna eat this-a Shitty Sushi! It give you worms.  You see what happen?! Now everyone in town think a Chinese and a Japanese are the same fucking thing! Aaah you Japanese racist!  Okay, whoa, just hold a minute, hold a minute. I come ina peace. Come on, rook! All this fighting, it's just to sirry, you know? Chinese anda Japanese been fighting for so rong. It'sa ridicurous. What we need... is to have a tweaty. Nono, we need a tweaty. No, not a treaty, a tweaty! What the fuck is a tweaty? A tweaty?  Rook rook. All these racist people thinka that a Chinese and a Japanese are the same, right? So you and me, we put on a big assembry for all the kids are school, and then everyone understand curtural difference. You know, so they know fried rice isn't from Japan and teriyaki isn't from China.  No, teriyaki isn't froma fucking China! Oh really? Oh great.  And when you get to that assembry, you gonna get big surprise, you Japanese dog. <poem><i>Ni hao ma, South Park Erementary?!</i></poem> <poem><i>How are we arr feering?! </i></poem> Hey, Mr. Takiyama, did you know that China and Japan are actually uh different countries? This whoooore thing is China, and Japan is this riiittle bitty country over here. And that's why the Japanese always try anda take over China! The Japanese planned to kill people in Nanking! The only thing Japanese ruve more than killing people is killing themselves! Suicide rate in Japan sky-high! "Oh no, I'm a Japanese and I had a bad day! I think I'm gonna kill myself!" Herro-o. Okay, hold on, hold on, please! I'ma sorry, okay? I'm sorry. I admit it. I fucked you at the assembly. How about you and me together do an Asian Diversity festival? Please, I admitting it, okay?I fucked you at assembly. There's no way around it. It was verrry sneaky. Kind of like Pearl Harbor. Okay? That was a little sneaky too, huh? Pearl Harbor kind of sneaky; I think we can all be a rittle sneaky sometimes, hm? But that sneaky Chinese man? He's gone! Okay? Okay, if we can have Asian Diversity festival, then we no longer have to deal witha "recial stereotypes." Prease. Okay, see you tomorrow.   They wanna take over my Shitty Woookk?! Hory crap, what time is it?   "No, don't do it, prease!"  Porice?! How?! What the fuck you talkin' about?! You people crazy!  Who are you people?! Why are you all here?! Thank you. }} 
Ohhhh I hate-a Mongorians! 
I don't know what happen all my customers. I used to have a-people come in here, fill every table. Now it's like a-nobody want anything to do with my authentic shitty food. This town is changing so fast, you know?  This town is changing so fast, everybody wan be PC, be updated. It's like I'm a reric. A rost reric from another time. You know? I dunno, sometime I feel like I outstayed my welcome. Is just how I feel, you know? It's like a-my accent make people uncomftable or something. How a Chinese man is supposed to survive in this world?  Oh, welcome oh Shitty Wok, a take ur order prease? SoDoSoPa? What the hell is a SoDoSoPa? What the fuuuck! And we are going to take a-business back from a-SoDoSoPa!  Some say I cannot survive in today's world. But if there's one asset that a Chinese man has, it's the tactical use of a child rabor. And together, child rabor force, we are gong to bring a SoDoSoPa to its knees.  Oh! Here they come! There they go.  Hey, that's okay. We close. All the other child labor go home. I like you, Dennis. You work a real hard.  But I think I'm gonna have to shut down. Now that a SoDoSoPa open, I'm the shitty part of town. And everyone hates the shitty part of town. Oh, what do you know about living in the shitty part of town, Dennis? You have idea? Oh! That's the spirit! Let's go child rabor!  There's a new and exciting prace where people can gather to shop, experience and grow. This is an all-new food and nightrife district. This, is CtPaTown. Where else but CtPaTown can you get all the shitty hot spots and shitty food that South Park is known for? In the mood for some local seafood? Red Robster has all the freshest from Colorado's many oceans. Or if a handcrafted ale is more your thing, head on down to Skeeter's Bar for local ales like a Coors and a Coors Rite. And then, of course, there's Shitty Wok, South Park's historic Asian fusion randmark, featuring Shitty Chicken and Shitty Sour Soup. The state-of-the-art toiret is designed for men and women  and is a great prace for you to squeeze out all the shitty food you've enjoyed. Now South Park has another neighborhood to mingle and rerax. CtPaTown. Welcome Home. Oh boy, get ready child rabor force! Any minute now, we gonna have a-customers up our ass! Oh boy, here they come!  Fight, child rabor force! Swing to the reft! Wait wait, anybody want a Shitty Chicken?? Anybody?? Take ur order prease???  I'm sorry, Dennis. You rearry tried to help. I guess it's over. Come on inside. I'll pay you the child labor wage you deserve. 
O-okay, Here you are sir! There's orange-peel chicken, some uh shity beef, and uh shitty egg roll! Oh no! No 1 star, prease! You Uelpers are kriwing me! Okay, you no pay! You no pay, prease! Yes yes. I get the fuck out. Thank you!  It's oba! It's oba!  
That's right. It's great to have shitty people. These shitty people come with their fancy shitty crothes and their big shitty cars. You know, and these shitty people have a shitty way of doing things that will expose us all to their shitty ideas. Huh...sound like-a shitty people. Oh, no! There's way too many shitty people! Go on, go, go! Shoo! Too many of you shitty people! Go on! Go on, shoo, shitty people! What's the one thing shitty people hate most? Other shitty people. Shitty people wanna get out of the shitty. If too many come here... South Park becomes shitty, and then all the shitty people gonna reave. Shitty money, shitty lifestyles. And they'll move here and bring their shitty famiries. And their cultured, shitty kids will hang out with our kids and expose them to their shitty ways. 
