Kyle. ''Kyle.'' 
Hello, Is this Scott, from Canada? You're a Journalist, right? I understand that you hate Terrance and Phillip. Well, what about I help you get rid of them once and for all? Let's just say that I'm someone who can help you, if you help me. Just call me your old pal, Saddam Hussein. 
 
 Nadia!  Baltania! 
Hello. Your Excellency?  This is Sister Anne, the Bleeding Eyes of Jesus, calling from the United States? 
If you ever wanna see your Okama GameSphere again, you will bring us the towel.  Just get the towel and meet us at the gas station outside of town. Or else!  
Amaar madmallah  
 Snooty Airlines announces the arrival of flight 239 from Connecticut. 
 
 Tweek! This is Officer Daniels! Now, try and stay calm, but we believe an abductor is in your room! Give it up, buddy! We've got ya surrounded! Okay, Tweek, I want you to very calmly but quickly walk to the door and come out to us! Bang!  
 
Welcome to Planet Fognl, home of the Joozians, who control all media in the universe.  
Store is now... open.  Welcome 
Well hello there, Mr. UPS man! 
Looks like it's over, Harold Flannigan. So we have just one question for you: are you scared?! ARE YOU SCARED?! That's good! 'Cause you're on... "Yes, I Was Scared!"  
Doin' alright there, Rookie?  
What is it?! Never heard of cock Magic, or roosters. 
 And now, a chance to own a piece of this most exciting area of South Park. Announcing: the Lofts at SoDoSoPa. Two thousand square foot of flats that will put you right in the heart of it all. After a night out eating and shopping in SoDoSoPa, just take a few steps and you're home. With modern styling these lofts are sleek, sexy, and oh so SoDoSoPa. And for those very privileged few, the most private and exclusive ownership opportunity is here. Announcing the Residences at the Lofts at SoDoSoPa. Now you can have access to luxury refined while still just steps away from the action. These finely appointed residences all feature state-of-the art finishes and balconies with views of historic Kenny's house. It's a place to laugh. It's a place to gather. A place to mingle with people of all economic classes. And now, it's a place to live. SoDoSoPa. Welcome Home. You can't say "excitement" without saying "SoDoSoPa." The food, the art, the nightlife. With the Lofts and Residences at SoDoSoPa all the action was just a few steps away. But what if you could actually live in the most central location that SoDoSoPa has to offer? Well, now you can. Announcing: the Villas at Kenny's House. The most sought-after address in all of South Park for only the very privileged few. Now you can relax in your state-of-the-art deck spa while taking in views of that mixed SoDoSoPa culture.  But that's not all. The Villas at Kenny's house will also feature access to a private fitness center, clubhouse, and so much more. Plus a breezeway to the proposed Whole Foods just steps away.  The Villas at Kenny's House. Welcome Home. There's a time when a town becomes more than it was.  Welcome Home. 
 
