Shut up!!  You downloaded a lot of songs! Says here you even downloaded Judas Priest? That's hard time you boys are lookin' at. You got anything to say for yourselves?  Not a big deal! You think downloading music for free is not a big deal?! Put your coats on! I'm gonna show you something! And I don't think you're gonna like it! This is the home of Lars Ulrich, the drummer for Metallica.  This month he was hoping to have a gold-plated shark tank bar installed right next to the pool, but thanks to people downloading his music for free, he must now wait a few months before he can afford it.   The Gulfstream III doesn't even have a remote control for its surround-sound DVD system. Still think downloading music for free is no big deal? That is the folly of man. Now look in this window.  I see an island without an owner. If things keep going the way they are, the child will not get his tropical paradise.  Man must learn to think of these horrible outcomes before he acts selfishly or else... I fear... recording artists will be forever doomed to a life of only semi-luxury. It's all right. I think these boys learned their lesson. If you parents will just step over here, you can pay their four hundred dollar release and penalty fees. Not a big deal, huh?! Come with me! I'm gonna show you something! And I don't think you're gonna like it!  
All right, folks, this is the little boy we're looking for:  Leopold Stotch, also known as Butters. He's been missing for two days and was last seen at the school. Let's go find him. All right, folks. I wanna thank you for all your efforts. Three days is a long time, but we've got to keep going if we're gonna find him. Many times in cases like these a child can trap themselves. It is important that we spread our search to duct pipes, wells, and bomb shelters.  I say we need to move the search to ducts, wells, and bomb shelters. Let's move out, people! Every second counts!  All right, kid! End of the line! Well kid, you made an entire town panic, you lost all your friends, and now you're going to Juvenile Hall for a week! Huh, was it worth it? 
 Whatcha got? So, what's the problem? By God, so he is. Black and rich. Time to take this Mr. Jefferson down, just like we did Kobe. Let's go people! We've got another rich black guy. I want him humiliated and dragged through the dirt, and I want it done by the books!  Murphy, you inside? Johnson, what about you? Frakes? All right, when this Jefferson guy shows up, arrest him fast and try not to beat him. There could be neighbors with video cameras.  Why do we do it, Harris? Why is it that us policemen around the country have such a passion for framing wealthy African-Americans with crimes they didn't commit? Twenty-five years I've been on the force. I've seen every kind of sick, depraved act known to humanity and still, when I see a black man walk by who has more money than me, I... want to vomit my gizzards right in the gutter. But why? Maybe there is no reason. Maybe there's just a big blue ball out there that's mostly covered with water and we're just goin' along for the ride. Hey Har- Har- Harris! Harris! It's Jefferson! He's back!  All right, people. Let's give Blacky a nice welcome home. Whoa, wait a minute!  That guy isn't black! Holy God, his son isn't black either! Oh Jesus!  This is Yates! Stand down! I repeat, stand down! Suspect is not black! You son of a bitch, you told my this guy was African-American!  Does that look like a black guy to you?!  Jesus Christ Monkeyballs! We could have made an innocent man go to jail who ''wasn't black''! Oh! Wuuugh! Wuugh! Ohaugh. Ugh. Jesus, Harris. What are we becoming? We're supposed to... protect the people. Where have we lost our way?  To hell with you! I'm never gonna frame an innocent man again! Unless I ''know'' he's black for sure! I'm givin' up, Maggie. I'm quitting the force. None of it makes sense anymore.  I don't even know if what we're doing is right. The last thirteen hours we've been working on a case, trying to get a real scumbag off the streets. And when he walked up to the door, I could have sworn he was white. Maybe I can't tell the difference anymore. Maybe it doesn't matter. Because it seems like every time we frame a rich black guy, he's back out on the streets in no time. It's just like OJ. Do you know how hard those cops worked to frame him? The tireless hours they put in?! And then he just gets off because somebody messed up and said the N word out loud too many times. I guess I'm just tired. I'm just damn tired. And you're a good wife, Maggie. You know me better than I know myself.  Think I've got a little more work to do.  Hello, this is Sergeant Yates over at the Park County Police Department in Colorado. Well, we've been trying to frame this guy who just moved into our town, and the fil-o-fax says he moved from your area. One Martin Jefferson? Well, he doesn't really look that black. You say he disappeared? What did you frame him for? Molestation, nice. That's damn fine police work, sergeant. Damn fine.  Jesus Christ Monkeyballs! It must be the same guy!  Freeze, Jefferson! The gig is up! You are wanted for child mo-les-tation!  Well, if you're gonna give away all your money, then, I guess we can drop all those charges. No point in putting another poor black man in jail. 
Damnit! Another murder victim! For three years the Left-Hand killer has been at large and I've exhausted every lead! Maybe... I just don't have what it takes to be a cop anymore. All right, let's go, Murphy. Hang on a second, where are, where are my car keys?  Doctor, didn't you say that kid suffered head trauma? I've... heard cases where people suffering head trauma awaken to some psychic abilities. I know it's ridiculous,  Hello, young man, could we have a quick word with you? Young man, how did you know the nurse was gonna walk in just now? Little boy...  we were wondering if you could come down and see if your... new powers could help us catch the killer.  Multiple stab wounds, just like all the others. Stand back, give him room!  Come on, kid, concentrate! What do you see in your mind? Jesus Christ! Tom Johansen, the owner of the ice cream shop! Mr. Johansen, could we have a quick word with you? Get him!  Code 6! Code 6! Congratulations, Eric. You just stopped the biggest killer in South Park history.  His powers are uncanny. Take good care of him, Ms. Cartman. Make sure he uses his powers... for good. There he is! Hey, Eric! Eric!  We've got a little problem. While the ice-cream store owner was in jail, another murder was committed. Which can only mean one thing! That a copycat killer is on the loose! We need your psychic abilities to catch this new guy right away! Jesus Christ! Cause of death? So you're telling me somebody new is now copying the crimes of the copycat killer?! Jesus! Where will it end?!  Every time I put a killer behind bars, another guy just steps in and takes his place! What am I doing wrong?!  Dammit! Dammit all to hell! They just found another body! That means a fifth copycat killer is on the loose! Where's my psychic?!  Doctor, could you remove his face warmer? We'd like to speak with him. Young man, the doctor said you've had some... visions about our newest murder? What do you think, Mitch? All right, we'll check this Deets guy out. But let's use that one thing that we never use. You know, what's that one thing that starts with an R that we never use? Yeah, yeah, restraint. We'll check this guy out, but let's use some restraint.  Good evening, sir. We're Park County detectives. We were just wondering if we could take a quick look around your house, Misterrr... Well, Mr. God, it won't take but a second; it might help us with an investigation.  I see you like cutting the eyes out of photos of women. My son is a big fan of that, too. Jesus H.... That boy was right! Arrest that guy!  Whoa-whoa-wait-wait-hey-wait-wait-yo! Oh, wait a minute, no ah, I'm wrong. This isn't the guy. The serial killer always cuts off the victims' left hands. Well those aren't left hands.  See, on your left hand, the thumb faces to the left. Those are all right hands. Nope, this isn't our man.   Yeah... Amazing coincidence... Call it police intuition, but somethin' in there just didn't feel right.  Wait a minute. I'm not sure. I'm gonna have to run some tests.   Murphy, do you remember what I was supposed to be doing?  Oh my God. Murphy!  You're not gonna believe this. Hold it right there, killer!  Well young man, you did an amazing thing. Not only did your psychic visions help us catch the killer, but a lot of innocent people are out of jail. It must be true. The kid is psychic.  
Oh? What's the crime? Oh my God! This is terrible!  Ya-you did the right thing telling the police, Brad. Now, who is the teacher? What's his name? The blonde? Nnice. So wait, what, what's the crime? You're right. We're sorry. This ''is'' serious. We need to track this student down and... give him his "Luckiest Boy In America" medal right away.   Well, that explains it. Who are we gonna convict? Johnny Walker? Are you sure you're not lying, Foley? You're kidding! Damnit, where were all these sexed-up teachers when ''I'' was a kid?!  All right all right, we'll make a report. Jesus... 
What?!  Hohoo, not in my county!  So then we need to go after the johns. We need to let the men of this town know that if they paid for sex they're going to jail!  We need an undercover cop disguised as a prostitute, so we can arrest any citizens looking for cheap thrills! Hey baby, you looking for a party? Twenty for oral, fifty for half and half, anal will cost you extra. Right here's good, sexy.  Now if you wouldn't mind handing over the twenty dollars for oral sex. All right, buddy!... Go ahead and unbutton your pants.  Oh that's all right.  You're busted, buddy! I'm a cop! This is a sting operation, scumbag, and you're going to jail for soliciting prostitution.  Got our first one, boys. I'm bringing him in for booking. No way! Let's just get to this, baby. So, you are agreeing to have sex with me for one hundred dollars, correct? Oh yeah, yeah, get those pants down. Oh, you're a nasty little fuck, aren't you? Yeah, let me see that hot penis of yours. Oh yeah, nice. Yeah, I'm ready when you are. Yeah, you like it? Yeah, you're a dirty fuck! Yeah, come on! Harder! Deeper! Yeah, teach me a lesson, daddy! Teach this little whore a lesson! Yeah, that's right! Yeah, you really worked it, Daddy. You really gave my little hole quite a...  STRETCH.  A wife and kids. And you're out here trollin' the streets for prostitutes. You make me sick! Take him downtown, boys. I'm goin' back on the street. Give it to me! Come on, you sissies, I can fit more of ya!  What?! No way! Nothing is more important than keeping prostitution out of our community!  Hey Daddy. Ye-yes, Daddy, I'm on my way. Be right there. Sorry guys, my daddy needs me right now.   Well well well, this must be the organization I've been hearing so much about. Took me a long time to find you. You won't believe the hardships I've been through trying to track you down. My name is Yolanda. I'd like to know all about your operation here. You see I just left my pimp recently and I'm looking for a new one? Well, I think that's about all I need to hear. You've got a lot of nerve coming here, Keshawn! After the way you treated me? I need a pimp that doesn't beat me every time he gets drunk! It's too late for that, Keshawn! I just told this pimp I was ''his'' bitch now. Oh Keshawn!  Babe, I love you too. Let's, uh, let's just be happy okay? I love 'em, darling.  FREEZE!! Ha! You're busted, buddy! I'm a cop!}} 
That's it, Maggie. I'm hanging it up. If people are gonna be trying all the new restaurants in town they'll... have to do it without my reviews. The restaurants put up signs sayin' I can't come in. I don't know why they singled me out, but it's like, people don't need me.  Well I'll be damned. Somebody's put a note in the mailbox... asking me to come and talk to them. They do need me.  I need to get goin'. No, they're just asking for me. I guess...  
There's a bowl of Rice Krispie treats at the side door! The side door, you animals! 
All right. We have some dead cows down at Milner's Ranch. I want Conners and Tiggs to check that out. And the two hikers are still missing. Let's have all units keep their ears to the ground.  All right, ladies, that's it. Second shift starts now. As for me, I'm finally heading home. Yep. Gonna go home and play me some Red Dead Redemption 2. I got a train to rob in Valentine. No, no not another school shooting! Can't they handle it themselves?   All right, what happened? What grade was the shooter in?  Jesus, it's a complete mauling.  Come on. I don't have time for these little games. Which of you peckers felt isolated and lashed out at society? If I have to stay here and do an investigation instead of go home and rob a train, there's gonna be serious hell to pay! Take a seat, boys. Right there.  Shut up! now, which one of you had a beef with Colin Brooks?! Oh yeah? I asked the kids in this school, "Who are the biggest loners? Who's most likely to rage and be the next school shooter?" You know what they said? The fat, ugly mean kid and the detached, loner poor kid. Or was it both of you? Fess up. I have people in Horseshoe Overlook who are depending on me to get provisions so we can head back east. That's right. And I'm gonna make both of you school shooters pay for wasting my time.  In my report, you'll see that Eric Cartman and Kenny McCormick are believed to have worked together. I've issued warrants for their arrests, and this case is now in the hands of the DA.  Whaaat? In the woods? There was a school shooting out in the woods? Outside of school is the one place kids are supposed to be safe. I don't believe it. A school shooting at an ice cream shop. Damn it! When children leave school they're supposed to be out of harm's way! I would be too if I were guilty. So we got us a gang of shooters, huh?! How the hell hard can it be to find four boys?! Erh. Huh. Gotta admit I've to love to see the sunrise over Citadel Rock again. And I got me a gal who claims she's got a side mission or two. Another school shooting, Maggie. Down at Baskin-Robbins.  Maggie, I just need to relax a bit, all right? Please. I've been waiting for this a long time. Just give me a- Wait a minute. The house in Valentine is built? Where did I get a sniper rifle? Maggie! Did you play over my saved game? A little bit, you-? On my saved game?! Why didn't you start your own?!  That's my life, Maggie! I was goin' for more honor points! God damn it! I haven't gotten to play in three days. You've done all this stuff without me! You got deputized?!  Oh God damn it! That does it! I'm starting a new life!  I'm creating a new saved game. What choice do I have now?!  Fuckin' bitch. Do you all have any idea what it's like to start over?! You walk four hours through the snow relearning everything, all because your bitch wife went and spent all your hard-earned money on upgrades you didn't want! I get one little break from work - one little break - and I didn't even get back to the first brawl at the saloon!  SHUT UP!! These school shootings are done, you hear me?! I want this case closed by the end of the night, one way or another! Now let's MOVE OUT! Attention school shooters! We have you surrounded! Come out with your hands up!   That's it, gentlemen! Case closed. Now I've got a Goddamned stagecoach to rob in Scarlett Meadows! 
Oh no, that's fine.  God damn it! There's no such thing as a ManBearPig!  You got that?? We're working with facts here, not goofball theories! Fuck scientists!  Why are you trying to figure out what's going with scientists?! The only thing I want to know is who committed this school shooting, since our school-shooting suspects are in jail! Oh well, there you go! It was them again! Gee, I didn't need any freakin' scientists to figure that out, did I?! Get 'em outta here!  Now how the fuck did those kids break out of my jail?!  You'd better start from the beginning. Oh, you'd better not-  You're playing Red Dead Redemption, aren't you?! What did I tell you about playing on my saved game, Maggie?! What are you talking about?!  You fucking slut! Don't you talk to me like that! Found them where?! Maggie!  Nwaaahahahahaha... Belay those orders!  We're nothing if we don't believe in each other! And Goddamnit, it's never too late to start trying to do the right thing. You think you know what that is, boys? 
How does this happen? So they got sick from another woman's feces? Oh, those ladies! So what happens next? [walks off] Jesus. What have those rascally ladies done? 
Alright, men! As you all know, due to recent events totally beyond our control, we have lost most of our funding. But this new venture will be great. and I know we will all thrive as elementary schoolteachers. This might be our last chance at a job, so I don't want any unnecessary deaths.  Ahp! Ahp! No unnecessary deaths! And let's show this town just what great leaders we can be. This is gonna be great. Alright, children, welcome back to class. I'm your new teacher, Detective Harris, and this is our homeroom teacher's assistant, Officer Johnston. Let's start the day off with some math. Does anyone understand math? Who would like to lead the class with some math?  I don't know if I can do this, Mitch. I fuckin' hate kids. I can't be a teacher. Got 'im! Alright, students. shut up.  I know this situation is not ideal, but we all have to quarantine together for two weeks. You don't want to infect your families, do you? You were all exposed to a student here who was taken to the hospital due to COVID. Yes? Yes, due to COVID. If it weren't for COVID, all the previous teachers would have still been here, we wouldn't have been in the class, and nobody would have gotten shot. Therefore, the young man is in the hospital due to COVID.  Don't blame this on us teachers! You opened the school and gave us barely enough resources to do our job! Well, I don't know what you're gonna do, Mayor. You took all our funding away. You said our equipment was too extreme. Now, if we had some of that stuff back... Tsst-tst-tst-ch-ch-ch!  Boys? We are back in business! Possible COVID exposure at 4 o'clock!   Protesting slash looting is a violation of the Mayor's health order! You have five minutes to come out or we will have to take action All right, that was about five minutes.  Who the hell is that? 
Jesus, I've never seen so many arrests in one day! But she's wearing pajamas. Alright, put her in with the others. What now? Oh, finally something normal! Okay, Mr. Billings, but... you have to understand, it is bedtime. Well, you should just understand where your wife is coming from. If any time makes sense to wear pajamas, it would be as you're going to sleep at night. Alright, alright, listen. What if you were on a ski vacation. Hmm? A nice cozy condo after a long day hitting the slopes. The fire is crackling. You've got a cup of cocoa. You're telling me you wouldn't wear pajamas then? Alright, alright, is there any way the two of you could go to sleep tonight in this house together? Okay, then you can just come sleep downtown at the station. Take her in, boys. Take him in, too!  Arrest those people, and all of those people! This whole town is a powder keg about to go off. And tomorrow is pajama day. Alright, you can all go home. It's opposite day. That's fine, you can all wear whatever you want as long as it covers your dick and tits. 
 Okay, looks like you assaulted a nine year old girl... No prior history... assault took place at an elementary school. Look, I know! It's St. Patrick's Day, right? If people don't wear green, they get pinched! Yeah... Only one problem. The little girl you pinched? Kelly-Ann Barlow? She was wearing green socks.  You're a goddamn sexual predator. Don't let him jack off in here! These types always mess up my jail! Well, it's 10 a.m. and you people are already wasted, huh? When are you people gonna learn, huh? It's not even lunchtime, for Christ's sake.   Freeze! Don't move, Weinstein, you've got nowhere else to go!  
