 This disease is called Gingervitus, and it occurs because ginger kids have no souls. Kids who have gingervitus cannot be cured.  vampires. I was getting to that, if you will let me.  Mrs. Garrison, I'm really havin' a difficult time with all these interruptions. Fine! In the meantime, shut your Goddamned daywalker mouth!  Informative if you want to die.   ''-ed a fine time to leave me, Lucille'' <br /> I'M GINGER! Help me! Hellp mee! And how could I become a ginger now?! I wasn't born like this! So I'm gonna stay like this forever? Agh, excuse me, Doctor, but it just so happens my mom loves me, no matter what I look like!  Mom?! Hey dudes, what's goin' on?  How is everything with you guys? Yes, well, it's interesting you should point that out, Kyle. I went to the doctor yesterday, and apparently I suffer from a small skin pigment deficiency. Actually, gingervitus is the medical term. Yes, Kyle.  The sun's rays are bad for my skin, so I need to be protected when I'm outside. Well, I'm glad we've gotten all that out of the way, and now we can just go on with our lives as normal. What do you mean, Kyle?  That's fine, just get it out of the way...  I'm grubbin'. What's it look like? Huh? But... it's me. Guys! Okay, look, maybe I'm ginger, but... I'm not like other ginger kids. I'm still me inside.  I want to thank everyone for showing up today. I've called this meeting because, I don't know about you, but for one am sick and tired of being discriminated against! Just because we have red hair, light skin and freckles, we're thought of as somehow less important, and it's bullcrap! Kids at school laugh at us, doctors call us "genetically inferior." The world needs to know that we are people, with feelings! And our parents love us for who we are! ...Riiight, exactly! We can't let this go on any longer! We should be PROUD of who we are! Think about all the great people in history who were ginger. People like...  Liiike... Right! Ron Howard! And uh... Aaaaand... Right! We already had him, but right! See? Ginger people go on to do amazing things in society! We need to let everyone in this school know that we are not inferior! That we are in fact beautiful, totally awesome, and super-smart. It's time for us to take back our pride! Red Power!  Red Power! Red Power! Red Power! We gingers are proud people! We are the noble descendants of great Americans like Ron Howard, and ...others! We will not be discriminated against any longer, for we are a great race!  Red Power! Red Power! Red Power! Red Power! Better red than dead! Better red than dead! That's right! This is bullcrap! We True Gingers are furious that the role of Annie is being minimalized! The bitch isn't ginger! She's just using makeup to look ginger! And pretending to be ginger with makeup is the worst thing anybody can do! There she is! Get her!  Die, you stupid bitch!  Can I get a Red Power? Oh yeah! That feels good, doesn't it? Feels good to be proud of who you are! Now I don't think I need to tell you there's a lot of hate out there. Hate for awesome people like us. And if there's one thing I've learned, is that the only way to fight hate, is with more hate! We are not the freaks of society, everyone else is! Gingers are the chosen people! The chosen race! And we must view the rest of the world as the lowlife, dark-skinned rats that they are!  We're fine, thanks. We're fine! You're welcome!! Now leave us alone!!  My fellow gingers! I envision a world in which there IS no hate! A world where everyone is ginger! And so, we must gather together every child who is NOT ginger, and ''exterminate'' them! Now go! Go out into the night and take non-ginger kids from their homes! We will eradicate them all with cages and tortures and a pit of lava to thrown them all in! Now I am not gonna live my life as a Goddamned minority! Are you with me?! My fellow gingers! The day of reckoning is finally upon us!  What we begin here, we will take worldwide, until the blood of every non-ginger child has been spilled!  No, we're fine! Thank you! Yes! We're good! You're welcome, now leave us alone!!  We will start... with the daywalker! Go on then! Say your last words! Okay fine, let him speak!   What have we become? D-don't you see? If we go and exterminate everyone who isn't ginger, then we're no better than they were for thinking less of us. Maybe we all have to learn to live... together. Right, but... but I've learned that we can't judge people based on what they look like. See I know, I know, but I I get it now. We we've got to live and let live.  ... Huh? Ss. Who? Oh him? Oh. No, that was just... Tha-that was about something else, totally unrelated. That's it! You've got it! ''Live together!'' ''The same, you and I!'' Yes, but I'm not going to die.  That's why we gotta get along, people! 