 What?! That's not true, fatass! I have red hair, and I don't have to avoid the sun! This is all a bunch of crap! It's not a presentation, it's a hate speech! People aren't creeped out by gingers! Fine, I will!  Stupid supremacist asswipe! What's the big deal? Don't you understand what ignorant prejudice like that can lead to? I have to disprove Cartman's hateful rumors! Do you know any red-haired, freckled kids? Hey. Wuh I'm giving a speech tomorrow about people with red hair and freckles. Can I ask you a few questions? We... came to learn the facts about people with red hair, light skin and freckles. But it's... it's not true they... have no souls.  I just had a couple more questions about- And so, red hair, light skin, and freckles are all passed down genetically. A child's red hair is not determined by the lack of a ''soul'',  Thanks, Butters. Nah, my mom packed me a kosher lunch. There! You see?! This is what happens when Cartman is allowed his right to free speech!  That's a great idea! Can you guys meet me over at Cartman's house tonight at around midnight? We're gonna teach that fat bastard a lesson! Wow, Cartman. You look... different. Is that an umbrella you're using?  ...Wow, that's a little ironic, isn't it? Well, I mean, all last week you were ripping on ginger kids and now you ''are'' one. Dude, this is going awesome. Dude, check it out.  We did it guys. We finally taught Cartman a lesson. I'll bet that now, Cartman is gonna have a long hard think about how he treated gingers. I don't believe it. Nah, let him make a complete ass out of himself for a little while longer.  Dude, we're gonna go sneak into Cartman's and change him back into a non-ginger! Because now he's acting like gingers are awesome. And all his friends are gingers. When he wakes up tomorrow and realizes he ''isn't'' really ginger, it'll be hysterical! Are you in? Oh... hey there.  Let's just... let's just walk this way.  Yeah, good idea.  Kenny! In there! Let's go!   Oh Jesus, I should have known! Cartman! I need to tell you something! Aah I think you'd rather hear this in private! You are such a manipulative asshole, Cartman. 