All right. We have some dead cows down at Milner's Ranch. I want Conners and Tiggs to check that out. And the two hikers are still missing. Let's have all units keep their ears to the ground.  All right, ladies, that's it. Second shift starts now. As for me, I'm finally heading home. Yep. Gonna go home and play me some Red Dead Redemption 2. I got a train to rob in Valentine. No, no not another school shooting! Can't they handle it themselves?   All right, what happened? What grade was the shooter in?  Jesus, it's a complete mauling.  Come on. I don't have time for these little games. Which of you peckers felt isolated and lashed out at society? If I have to stay here and do an investigation instead of go home and rob a train, there's gonna be serious hell to pay! Take a seat, boys. Right there.  Shut up! now, which one of you had a beef with Colin Brooks?! Oh yeah? I asked the kids in this school, "Who are the biggest loners? Who's most likely to rage and be the next school shooter?" You know what they said? The fat, ugly mean kid and the detached, loner poor kid. Or was it both of you? Fess up. I have people in Horseshoe Overlook who are depending on me to get provisions so we can head back east. That's right. And I'm gonna make both of you school shooters pay for wasting my time.  In my report, you'll see that Eric Cartman and Kenny McCormick are believed to have worked together. I've issued warrants for their arrests, and this case is now in the hands of the DA.  Whaaat? In the woods? There was a school shooting out in the woods? Outside of school is the one place kids are supposed to be safe. I don't believe it. A school shooting at an ice cream shop. Damn it! When children leave school they're supposed to be out of harm's way! I would be too if I were guilty. So we got us a gang of shooters, huh?! How the hell hard can it be to find four boys?! Erh. Huh. Gotta admit I've to love to see the sunrise over Citadel Rock again. And I got me a gal who claims she's got a side mission or two. Another school shooting, Maggie. Down at Baskin-Robbins.  Maggie, I just need to relax a bit, all right? Please. I've been waiting for this a long time. Just give me a- Wait a minute. The house in Valentine is built? Where did I get a sniper rifle? Maggie! Did you play over my saved game? A little bit, you-? On my saved game?! Why didn't you start your own?!  That's my life, Maggie! I was goin' for more honor points! God damn it! I haven't gotten to play in three days. You've done all this stuff without me! You got deputized?!  Oh God damn it! That does it! I'm starting a new life!  I'm creating a new saved game. What choice do I have now?!  Fuckin' bitch. Do you all have any idea what it's like to start over?! You walk four hours through the snow relearning everything, all because your bitch wife went and spent all your hard-earned money on upgrades you didn't want! I get one little break from work - one little break - and I didn't even get back to the first brawl at the saloon!  SHUT UP!! These school shootings are done, you hear me?! I want this case closed by the end of the night, one way or another! Now let's MOVE OUT! Attention school shooters! We have you surrounded! Come out with your hands up!   That's it, gentlemen! Case closed. Now I've got a Goddamned stagecoach to rob in Scarlett Meadows! 