You guys, I think this whole thing is a conspiracy. Think about what happened: American has pretty secure border for years. Kyle gives a big speech about tolerance and acceptance that goes viral. A bunch of Canadians cross the border illegally. Kyle's brother is Canadian. What if Kyle knowingly gave that speech to get all the illegals in? And he's sitting right here.  Yeah, yeah, this is interesting. Have you guys read Genesis Thirty-four? Well, it's intriguing, because in Genesis Thirty-four, the Jews actually did something similar to what Kyle is doing now. But it's happening a lot more now. After you decide to give a big speech about Caitlyn Jenner. Because you want to bring down the cultural fabric of America. 'Cause you're a Jew. Yeah, I'm out. Guys, what if this was all exactly what Kyle planned? Get the Canadians here, make them feel persecuted, and then what? Uprisings? Rebellion? Next thing you know, they're sending us to camps and using us as livestock! Yeah, we're gonna need a symbolic union. You know, what's that story about the two sides that were fighting and, then a guy from one side got with a girl from the other side and their love sort of brought the groups together?  Yes, Lion King II. I mean, if we can get one of us to go out with one of them - probably, have sex - then it could be a symbol of us all getting along. Is he seriously? Is he seriously giving a speech right now?  This is gonna have to happen pretty fast, so whoever's gonna do it needs to ask a Canadian girl out soon. 1 2 3 Not it. What about that one? In the glasses? She's kinda hot. All right, how about the lanky one, there? Ooo, ooo, What about the one in the hat? She kind of looks like Alanis Morissette, huh? Okay, Bu-Butters, relax. Okay. Do you just want a race war? Okay, go fuck the one in the white shoes.  And start a pride all of our own. Have you given her the old Hot Cosby yet? Butters, we don't have time for that! I told you you have to cut to the chase with a Hot Cosby! Nobody cares about forty years from now when she suddenly changes her mind, Butters! Time is of the essence! We're all gonna die!  Dude! 