I just felt bad for him, ma.  Hi dad. It was you, this whole time. You're the troll that caused all of this trouble. Heidi Turner did an emoji analysis. It was an adult. It was you.  Why dad? Why did you do this? Putting a penis in the mouth of a mom who has cancer is funny?! How?!  Somebody's threatening your way of life and you all are just sitting here praying, like uh a bunch of babies? Come on, this isn't South Park! What's happened to us?! We used to have a challenge and deal with it, then move onto the next one. Now we've just been dealing with trolling and Internet stuff over and over, week after week; and I don't know about you, but I'm getting pretty sick of it.  Now for once let's take a stand and try to end this. We can't let Denmark change who we are. You guys need to, you know, call the President and get him to take action. Alright! Officials have stated that all communication with Denmark has end, and that a military strike on the country is now imminent. The President stated that since then... Ma, we were just using it to look at the news. I'm not against you, mom. What is dad doing in Denmark?!  Mr. Garrison, you can't bomb Denmark! It's--It's wrong and it could start a bigger war.  I understand that you're a dipshit little gay puppet. Letting your ex-boyfriend manipulate you 'cause you miss his sweet ass. Everyone knows that. You only do what your little bitch boyfriend manipulates you into doing. You're a little dipshit president. With a dirty asshole. And you shit out your dick.  Where did you learn to talk like this? Yeah, you will, because you're a little retarded shit bitch.  I don't know if I'm strong enough to go through with this, but its the only way now. Just remember--I always loved you, little brother. Let's...just get this over with. He's in the pantry. Ma. Mom, we are really sorry... But Ike and I have to do something and we have to be able to use the computers. We have to do this, Mom. Its the only thing that can save our family now. 