Okay, children, let's take our seats! Good morning, kids! So great to see you!  Now, look, we're not gettin' married tomorrow or anything. We're just enjoying each other's company and seeing where this whole thing takes us. He's very shy, but I wanted you kids to know that he treats me really well. Way better than that narcissistic psychopath Marcus! Okay, okay, well, you're gonna come pick me up after school? I'll be ready like 3:30.  I ask them for a response, and nothing! First they just sit there when I need their focus and their energy, and when I ask them– I don't know how much more I can take of this. I've got enough problems as it is. Good morning, class!  Could somebody wake Butters up, please? I'm sorry Butters, am I boring you? Okay, well, then maybe you can tell me what Rick said when I told him about Marcus?! Anybody? Does anyone know what I said when Rick held me tight?! "This is security!" None of you are paying attention! None of you know the answers, do you?! Okay children, let's take our seats.  Now, I don't know what you've heard and what you haven't, but Rick was wrong, okay? He's the one that needs to apologize. Putin? It was just a little noise when I pulled out. Nobody was "pootin", okay? And anyway, you kids shouldn't be talking about that kind of stuff! Geez! This is really awkward. I-I told you I thought this was a bad idea.  I-I should be going. Yeah, yeah, you're done at 4:00? What's going on here, students? Hey! You kids know that these teachers are doing their very best for your benefit?! I am sick and tired of students thinking they can walk all over their teachers who gave you everything they got! I tell you what else. This Friday, for pajama day at school, this class does not get to wear their pajamas.  You heard me! No pajama day for this class. Now maybe you'll remember to have some respect for your teacher!  Yeah. Alright, send 'em in.  I'm sorry, ladies. I've made a decision, and I'm sticking to it. I appreciate your sentiment, but as principal of the school, it's my job to make decisions and stand by them to maintain order. Hey! How many times have I told you kids not to bring up Nazi Germany when you don't get something you want?! Get out!  I can't believe the things these students say sometimes. What? If I change my mind now, I look weak. Yes hello, Ms. Cartman. This is the school principal returning your call. What can I do for you? Your son is part of a class that lost their pajama day privilege, correct. Well I've already made my decision, and it's final. Ms. Cartman, if you are worried about your son's safety, then perhaps you should just keep him home for pajama day. I'm sorry? Testaburger! I need to talk to you now!  Ms. Testaburger, I need you to get me out of this. I made a tactical decision. Now if I go back and say maybe I was wrong, I look weak. Zip it! I need you to get everyone in your class to work together and have Mr. Garrison come to me saying your pajama day should be reinstated. You get the girls and the boys to work together. This is your problem now, Testaburger.  What's going on, students? What the fuck, bro? Bro... What am I supposed to do?  Do you know what a principle is? A principle is something that you see as a fundamental truth. You do something that you think is right out of principle! That's why I wanted to be principal. Tell your class they can run back home and put on their pajamas. I'll hand in my resignation this afternoon. You're totally wrong about that. When all these people see I caved in to their insults and their offensive World War II comparisons, I'll be done. No, you– Wait. What did you say? No. What day is opposite day at school? Testaburger! That's it!  So we will be having breakfast for lunch in the cafeteria, and anything else you've been told to do, you can now do the opposite. Alright everyone, listen up! We have a special announcement today. One of our fourth grade students says he's done a lot of work and has grown as a person. And he'd like to share his journey with you. Please welcome Stan Marsh. Mr. Mackey, I'd like to have a word with you. I see that you've, uh, called for another nuclear emergency drill this afternoon? Well, Mr. Mackey, this is the seventh drill that we've done in two days. And I see that you also put in the budget for a bomb shelter and 20 VHS copies of "Red Dawn". Mr. Mackey, I'm starting to worry that this is sort of... nostalgic for you, like you're kind of enjoying this.  You speak Russian? Mr. Mackey, I am not asking you. I'm telling you – stop with all the drills and stop putting ideas into our students' heads. Okay. This is bullshit! They can't take our pajamas from us! Who does the principal think he is?! We didn't do fucking anything wrong! We keep not doing anything wrong, and we keep getting fucked! Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait. We are not just going to stand for this?! Brah, we can have some Goddamn balls! What does Matt Damon say on that Bitcoin commercial? Fortune favors the brave. Yes, everyone did. But they were brave in doing so. We have to stand up for ourselves, you guys. I say we go right to the principal's office and tell him what's up, brah.  ''panting]'' Oh, God! I-I was at the school and it– it was pajama day, and I– I didn't have pajamas on and then I died! And then I died! Yeah, get 'em, mom! Tell him to fuck off! No, I can't stay home because you have to go to work because fucking Matt Damon told you fortune favors the brave and now you lost all your fucking money! Fuck yes, mom, that was fucking sweet! Wait, no, I want to wear my fucking pajamas to school! You fucked it up, Mom! Ladies and gentlemen. We have been at war for too long. Yesterday, Wendy Testaburger came to me and said we need to get the boys and girls together to find a solution for pajama day. I was delighted.  We must put our differences aside, because we all want one thing. The right to be in our jam jams this Friday all cozy wozy. Comfy womfy, cozy wozy, the point is, we are getting fucked. That's right. We need all of us. Boys and girls working together. And so together, what are we going to do? Shoot up the school, nice. It's just done a lot. Anything a little more original? That is just the kind of manipulative, psychotic thinking that we needed. But not too brave or else Matt Damon will come and take all our money. "This is really nice"? Aw, God damnit! Fuck yes! It's opposite day!  Whatsup, dog. Well yeah, I just figured. J.R.R. Tolkien has an "L" in it? That's gay. Who did you think Tolkien was named after?  I think Stan's lost his marbles.  Mom! Where the hell have you been?! I've been home from school for like 45 minutes! I didn't have anything to eat except Nutella. I was about to call Child Services! What? I'm your job.  No! Wha– what job could you possibly have?! You don't know how to do anything!  A what? Hey Butters, I need your help. Butters, I have some shocking news... My mom got a job. What? No, my mom got a job. My mom is dumb as shit and somebody is paying her to do something.  Have you ever heard of a real estate agent, Butters? Yeah, well, neither had I.  So I looked it up on a bunch of those shows and stuff. You don't do anything. You just look nice and hug people and then when someone buys a house, you make money. It's more than a good deal, Butters. It's fucking legal theft. If my mom can be a real estate agent, then literally anyone in the world can.  We've got all these people moving from the cities into our town. I can probably be a millionaire in just a few days time.  I won't forget this when I'm rich. Okay, this is a three bedroom house with bathrooms. Front yard and backyard. Oh, I just got some clients here looking to relocate. These people are from the city. I got a job as a real estate agent, mom. Neither are you– Mom, real estate is an open market. You're not the only one who gets to take advantage of all the city people.   Okay, so this is a three bedroom two and a half bath– come on in, everybody!  You got about 2,300 square feet and there is a finished basement. Detached garage– stairs head up to the master, which is an en suite, if I remember correctly. Let's get on back to the kitchen...  You've got a nice, big kitchen, pretty new appliances. Door in the back gets you out to the garage. Just showing them your house. Come on, let's check out the second floor– Nice, big bathroom for the two rooms up here. Tweek's grandma is staying in one of the rooms, which serves as an office space when she's not here. And then, we are back down to the spacious living room! Yeah, we're just about done– well, what do you guys think? I'm sorry, I didn't get that... Oh, sure, well, let's head on out now. We can take a lot at Jimmy's house.  I think I can get you 4 million for this place. I'll be in touch.  Hey, guys, it's Eric from South Park Realty Group. Are you dreaming of moving out of the city and into the countryside? I want you to check out Clyde's house. This is a 2,300 square foot mid colonial home – detached garage – now listing for just $3.5 million. Let's check it out. This house is so spacious. I think my cameraman Butters can attest to this. Isn't this nice, Butters? Just look at these amenities. These giant, glass double doors lead to the unfinished backyard. Plenty of room here for a pool or a horse stable. Get out of that sewage drain you call a city and start living the country life you've always wanted. South Park Realty Group. Get out of the city and into beautiful South Park. How's it going? This is Eric Cartman with South Park Realty Group. Well, I'm standing here with some clients who want to make a deal on this Highgate place. They wanna offer $175,000. $175,000 is a great number—$25,000 below asking, but you know you're never gonna get $200,000.  Don't worry, these deals are always like this. The HVAC all needs to be redone and you know it. Okay, that's fine mom, why don't you go to fucking hell?!  It always gets like this with agents. Don't worry, she'll call back, watch.  South Park Realty Group, this is Eric. Okay, okay... $180,000, but that's as high as I can go.  We got it. Welcome, home buyers! I'm Eric with South Park Realty Group. We hope you're enjoying the provided food and beverages.  Yes, that's right. You know, here at South Park Realty Group, we've had some amazing listings—Craig's house, Jimmy's house—but I think you'll all agree that what we have for you today is a whole nother level. I present to you... Tolkien's house! These owners have just moved out to a farm, and we're listing this house at just under $50 million dollars. Yes! Go on in! Check it out! Make me an offer! This is my listing, mom!  This is my listing, mom! Agh! Help! Somebody call Child Protective Services! I am not doing a co-brokering deal, mom, it's not gonna happen! That isn't true. You just want to offer the sellers a lower commission to list this house and it's not going to work, mom! When I close this deal, mom, I'm gonna be the richest kid in town! Well, we'll just see in 30 days, won't we? Except for some of my deals, which have a 45 day contingency period!  And you won't get any other job? And your only job will be me? And, you'll be home when I get back from school and have my mid-afternoon meal already on the table? I think it's cool we live in a hot dog.  Weak... I live in a hot dog. Right here! Alright, sweet! Me and Kenny and our teenagers are gonna smoke you guys! Yes! Yes! Yes!! You didn't get me! You didn't hit me, Kyle! The BBs bounced off a leaf or something, 'cause–   Oh, my God… this is the greatest day of my fucking life. Yes! Yes!! That was so awesome!! You guys, Airsoft fucking rules! This is–  Ow! Hit! Hit! This is sweet! Best thing ever! Yeah, well, Team Floppy Weiner will get you guys next time!  Can we promise each other we'll do Airsoft, like, all the time?  Dude, Swamp Sniper rules.  What– What are you doing, dude? You– You need to use my bathroom?  Kyle? What are you doing here? Well, at least I'm not the only one dealing with this crap. No, my teenager wants more lotion.  All this guy does is hang out in the bathroom and go through like two bottles of lotion a day. I swear I don't know how soft you could possibly want your hands to be.  Damn right! Team Floppy Weiner will destroy you guys! You have to find me first! Oh, you gotta be fucking kidding me! There's one over by the registers. No, you are not taking the lotion!  Okay, I'm sorry you hate me. Just wanna fucking play Airsoft, buddy. On the rare occasion that my teenager isn't in the bathroom, all he does is talk about his miserable life. I'm like—okay, dude, I've got problems too. But of course teenagers don't care about your problems. I'm like, "look, buddy, I live in a hot dog. Ok? Like, maybe let's stop bitching and just play Airsoft." But you can't say that because then they're just gonna— Yes, yes.  Camping?  Okay, looks like the tents are set up—can you come out now? Okay, well, you should probably finish up. I know you took the lotion in there. You really don't need soft hands for camping.  Come on, dude. No shit in the world takes that long. Up to here! Guys, things have to improve. They just have to. I've never seen anyone so disrespectful. I've never seen Kenny like this, ever. That's awesome. I wish I had a dad. And that I didn't live in a hot dog. I know where he is…  What you do to Jegens Lotion isn't right.   Aaaagh! Yes… yes, I live in a hot dog! It's right over here! Come on, you guys, help me get it all ready!  Yeah, it's super fun. St. Patrick's Day rules. Awesome... green hamburgers... How clever... Hello, sir, we are with the Clover Club. We try to spread a little St. Patrick's Day cheer by donating baked goods to prison inmates who cannot celebrate this festive time.  How's your St. Patrick's Day going, Butters? Awesome. After everything we've been through the past couple years, they're gonna take pajama day from us, too. What else can we do, brah? We can do this!  There's only one black kid in my whole class. I do hang out with him! I... I don't know. Uh, hey, Token. Uh, listen, I uh... How you doin'? Um... You think your family would wanna come over for dinner? Out at our farm? Yeah but... Look, Token, I think maybe you and I should hang out more. I mean, we never just hang out, you and me. Shut up, Butters. Look, just will you please just see if your family will come over for dinner? It would mean a lot.  I thought your name was "Token". Dude... my head is reeling, you're not gonna believe this. Token's name isn't Token. It's Tolkien. No, no, no, no. He's named after the guy who wrote ''The Hobbit'' and stuff!  You knew it was Tolkien like the writer. No, no, no! No, no, no, no! I distinctly remember Cartman wearing a shirt where he spelled it T-O-K-E-N. Wha– hold on a second!  Dude, Cartman, did you know that Tolkien is named after J.R.R. Tolkien? Then why did you spell it "Token" without the "L" or the "I"?! Uh, yeah, hang on a second Tolk-kien, just taking a shit. Oh my God... I suck...  Okay, I guess... I kinda wanted to talk about something in private. I think... I might be horribly racist. So... there's this kid at my school, and... he's black. And his parents named him after the guy that wrote ''Lord of the Rings.'' Yeah... well, I-I thought his name was Token. Like– like a black kid that's just there so that... like... there's a black kid. The whole time! I've thought that the whole time! Huh? No, I was just try– I'm sorry! Doctor? Doctor, please, I don't want to be like this! I'll do anything, just tell me what to do! Okay, what should I read? Guys... lately I've been doing a lot of soul searching. I've had to ask myself hard questions, because for a long time now, I've misinterpreted some amazing writing. I've done a lot of reading... And I've learned why Sauron built the black gate of Mordor across the path of Cirith Grogor, which led into the enclosed plain of Udun. I've learned that the Mouth of Sauron was once a man, who commanded the armies of Gorgoroth and dismissed Aragorn's claim as King. I firmly believe that everyone would benefit from the school making required reading of these books. Because if we don't fully know about Tolkien, then we can make some terrible, offensive mistakes. In fact... did you guys know that our friend Tolkien, who goes to school here, is named after J.R.R. Tolkien?  My point is, we need to petition the school to make Tolkien required reading. To better understand our classmate. I think maybe we all haven't done enough to make sure than Tolkien doesn't feel isolated and left out. Not yet, Token. Just another couple minutes.  Sup, guys. You know, I've done a lot of reading lately. And I'd like to announce that the school has allowed me to declare today J.R.R. Tolkien appreciation day!  But you don't know that ''Lord of the Rings'' was an analogy for World War II, did you?! And I'll bet you didn't know that there was originally 19 Rings of Power that were forged by Celebrimbor! So there's much we need to understand. And so I would like to bring up the man himself. Come on up here, Tolkien! Come on! Nope. Not any better, Mom. Tolkien is... here?  Hey, Tol-kien. What are you doing here? Yeah, I'm good. I'm... No, I'm not... Tolkien, I have something I have to tell you. This whole time, I thought your name was "Token". Like... the token black person. Yeah. I don't know. So I understand if you don't wanna be around me anymore. What?! Oh, my God, this is great!  Mom, Dad, guess what?! Tolkien's family bought the farm across the street! We're neighbors! Dad! But Dad– Yeah, I got some right here, partner!  Dude, I can't believe we tied! That was epic. And you know what else is cool? We all have teenagers now! Hell yeah, dude! We just gotta keep our teenagers happy and we can play Airsoft all the time! Hello?  Excuse me? Oh, is this my teenager? How's it going, dude? Well, you have to put the noodles in boiling water. You… Do you have a sink? Bruh, what? Hey, man, it's cool! Lemme, uh– lemme slow it down for ya. Dude, that's my friend Kenny, we gotta kill him! Okay, okay, but if we kill Kenny we get a point, right? Come on! It's okay, it's fine. We're sorry. Dude, it's ok, it's just a gay rule. Come on, let's beat these guys!  Dude, Kyle, where are you? We started playing like 20 minutes ago. Hair gel?! What the fuck, dude, we're getting killed out here! Oh, my God, you gotta be shitting me.  Yeah—hello? Whuh—what? I-I didn't call you gay. I was saying the rule was gay. I wasn't talking anything about sexual orientation. You're right, I shouldn't have used that word! Look—I was one of the first people ever to say there was nothing wrong with being gay. I had a dog that was gay! Okay, dude… what… do you want me to do? Okay, but you called me… hello? Hello? What are you doing? Okay, don't hold your hand over a lighter. Jesus fucking Christ. Yeah, that was kinda stupid. I seriously don't know what to do… I've tried being nice, I've tried being harsh… and I get nothing from my teenager. Nothing. I'd love him to threaten to do anything. I'd love him to do. Anything. No, we can't give up on Airsoft—I'm like four hundred dollars into this hobby. Except for the part about being around teenagers. What do you mean? Wow. Alright, guys! We got the tents all set up. So, what do you guys wanna do? 'Kay, yeah, we can do that later, but first maybe, um… let's bond a bit… We… have completely had it up to here with you! Our friend Kyle just wanted to play Airsoft. And now he's quit because of your attitudes. What do you have to say for yourselves? Yeah, bruh. Great, thank you.  I can't… I can't… And we don't want you here! We just wanna fucking play Airsoft without any of you on our team! That sounds totally fine! Us against you, let's fucking go! Fine, and you too when we beat all of you!  Dad? They're not coming out of cover! I don't see them! Yeah! That was so epic! That was so sweet, you guys! I bet the teenagers will never go back to that place again! Yeah, thanks, Dad. Ok, let's go! You told me to finish my homework! I know. I'm wearing green.   Hello? Dad, it's me. You called the wrong person. I don't know what the fuck you're talking about. Stop who? Yeah, Tol-l-l-kien is sitting right here. I don't care. Okay, what do you want me to do? Dad, it's St. Patrick's Day. We're gonna do a scavenger hunt at recess. Hey, there, we brought you a cake.  God dammit. You... You should just enjoy the cake. Well, see ya.  We didn't even do anything wrong! Dude!  Hey Stan. Not gonna believe what? Yeah, I know it's Tolkien. Yeah, I know. J.R.R. Tolkien. What did you think it was? Everyone knew it was Tolkien. Yeah, dude, ‘cuz Cartman's a fuckin' moron. Dad! Dad, there's this new place and you can actually go and shoot each other, only it's soft BBs and they're biodegradable, and the guns are, like, totally real except you don't actually get hurt, and it's like paintball except for there's no mess, and the stuff all looks totally real, and it's called Airsoft and can I get one? There's an airsoft field where everybody plays on teams, and I promise I'll take good care of the equipment, and if you think about it, it's a really great hobby for team building and learning communication and – I was just thinking if you could come to the Airsoft store with me –  come on, please only we can't tell mom cuz she won't understand, but it's totally safe cuz you wear eye protection. Here it is! Isn't this cool?! Come on, dad! You gotta check it out! No, dad! It's Airsoft. It's like paintball, only it's way cooler and it just looks totally real. Dad… please. I'm not a baby anymore. The other guys – they already got their stuff. We're playing today! Can I please just get, like, an AK-47 and maybe a glock?  I got you, Cartman! I totally got you! I heard it hit your jacket. Say hit and and go back to respawn. Ow, oww!  Hit! That was so cool! That was seriously the best time I've had in forever! I know! My teenager said he's gonna come over and show me how to clean my gun!  Cartman? Are you ok? I took a BB right to the face with a sniper rifle. It was so great, dad! I'm not a baby anymore, dad!   I got it! Yeah! Yeah, that's right! Cool, dude, so, uh, you wanna, like, clean our Airsoft guns? Well…Like, what kind of food do you want? Okay! Okay! Okay!  Dude, Kenny, the weirdest thing just happened. My teenager showed up at my house and he's acting really strange. Yours did too? What the hell are these things? Yeah, I know! My teenager asked me to take him shopping for hair gel. Just do your best, I'll be there as fast as I can!  Okay, here it is. This is the health care aisle. Could you go a little faster? Okay, here's all the hair product stuff. Which one would you like to use? What? Ugh, nothing, I'm… I'm just shopping with my teenager. Okay, but you asked me if I could buy you some hair gel. Your guy wants hair gel, too? I just wanna get to the Airsoft field. Stan says your team is killing them. Yeah, we'll see when I use my sniper rifle! Well, you're lucky. At least your teenager doesn't threaten to kill you. And we love it. Well, apparently a lot of people are in the same situation we're in. I've been reading this book—"Help, My Teenager Hates Me". Yeah…and… it has some interesting ideas. It says we're basically just dealing with an age difference and we need to try and connect with them. It says…we should take them camping. Yeah, check 'em out! There's a lake over there where we can rent kayaks! No… I don't think I'm gonna go… You wouldn't understand, Dad. I just can't deal with teenagers. You know, I just  I-I just wanted to shoot my friends, dad. We did! They said they hate the teenagers just as much as anybody, but they can't get rid of them. And we've got no one else to partner with. We got new partners, guys!  Hey, thanks, you guys. We couldn't have gotten rid of the teenagers without you. Come on, guys! Hey, Butters. Guess that's just part of being a kid these days.  We could shoot up the school! Wuh huh huh?! Yes? Uh, no, sir! Uh... Huh... He... Hey, we never hang out just you and me either, Stan! Yup! Well– Well, sure Eric! What's goin' on? Oh... Oh, and you're worried that maybe now your mom won't always be there to take care of you? Well, not really. Wow! Well, that sounds like a good deal!  Wow wee! Gosh, thanks, Eric!  Yeah, it's real roomy! Hi, Josslyn! Hi, Staci Mae! Hi, Mom! Hi, Dad! I'll do my best, Dad! That kid? Oh, Jesus! Not Melancholy!  Well, I dunno!  What is what?  Oh, geez! Put that thing away, Melancholy! Hello, sir. I just needed to talk to somebody. I've been having some problems at home. Well, it's just my parents. You see, a few months ago, I saw this little girl riding a pony and I said, "Whoa! I wanna do that!" So we found a stable and a trainer, and I started to learn dressage. And I got to lease a pony, and his name is Melancholy. Well, I love to ride Melancholy. But now I'm feeling all this pressure to win. My parents said I have to win because it's against the Russians. It's the Russians. I mean, I guess they're just really good at dressage, but now my dad says it's a matter of national security. Don't move my head? I – Well, o-okay, but I kind of am asking you for help, ya know, because I'm feeling really lost and miserable. Well, they said if I don't do well at dressage, it could mean the end of all of our freedoms. We need to have a serious talk, Melancholy, and I need you to listen.  That's it! You got it, boy! Nope! Nope! Melancholy! Over the jump, boy!  Melancholy, back to the jump! Whoa, Melancholy, Whoa!! W-What are you doing now? Now I'm not sure what's going on here.  No! No! No! Melancholy! Bad pony! I'm sorry, ma'am! Melancholy, to the jump! This is it, Melancholy. We have to do this. We have to be classy. We're not gonna poop, we're not gonna get a boner, and we're certainly not gonna have unwarranted sex with the ladies. Please, boy... we have got to get this right. It's ok, Melancholy...we did our best... Whoa! Where you goin', Melancholy? Melancholy! Bad!  Waaaghhaaagh!  ''Loo loo loo! It's St. Patrick's Day! Looo loo loo! De doot be do!'' Okay, mom!  Ohhh dad, are you wearin' green or are you gonna get a pinch? Okay! Well someone's gettin a pinch today! Hey, Clyde! You got your green on! Hey Jimmy! Nice green pants! Tee-hee! Te hee hee hee!  Happy St. Patrick's Day, fellas! You guys all look very festive! Oh, I hope they put green food coloring in our milk at lunchtime again like last year!  Uh-oh! Hey, Kelly-Ann! What's going on? Looks like someone forgot what day it was! Ha ha! Pi-i-i-i-nch!  I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I didn't mean to do anything wrong, honest! I'm so sorry! Please! It's just... Well, she had it comin' on account of the way she was dressed! Oh, jeez, I didn't know Kelly-Ann was a minor! Well, she didn't have a mining helmet or a pick axe or anything! But... But, sir, it's St. Patrick's Day. Yes! Right! Yes? Ugh... Okay... Oh, God...  Wul, it's just... I mean... What you're wearing. You know, it's St. Patrick's Day, you're not wearing any... You don't have any green socks on, do you? Ohhhhh God... I wanna pinch you so bad... No, ma'am, could you... Maybe put on some green lipstick or something? Well, technically, yes! I mean, St. Patrick's Day is a wonderful day where we remember a British Roman man who went to Ireland and converted the whole country to Christianity! And he used a clover to represent the Holy Trinity, so we're supposed to celebrate that by wearing green and if you don't wear green you get a pinch! See?! That's the problem! Nobody knows how great he really was. Oh, God... I didn't finger nothin! I swear it was just a tiny little St. Patrick's Day pinch! It was... It was like this!  Oh! Ohhgu!  Dear St. Patrick... If you're really up there... I've always done my best to honor you on this most holy day... You went to Ireland, and you got all those pagan worshippers to follow Christ. If there's any way... that you could help me now... just, like, send me a leprechaun or something... I will be forever your dark servant. Amen. Whoa...  Wow wee, are you a real leprechaun? Alright! Are we gonna bust outta here or what?  Pi-i-i-i-nch!  Whu... Oh, hey, fellas. Pretty good. What are you gonna do? I knew St. Patrick would perform a miracle to get us out of here! Just like when he was a slave, he will help us go free! It is not over! What did St. Patrick say when he was taken from his homeland and turned into a slave?! St. Patrick didn't give up! And when the Christians slandered him while he was trying to convert the heathen Irish, did he give up then?!  Yeah! You see?! The power of St. Patrick compels you!  Yes, now use your clover rays!  Uh oh!  Wahggh!  Ahghggh!  It's him! It's St. Patrick! Once again... I shoulda never listened to what they told me in church. Yup. Oh, hey Stan.  Fine. It's kinda far, isn't it? What are you talking about? My name is "Tolkien".  Stan? You out here? Oh, okay, sorry.  Guys? Can I come in now? W-what are you guys talking about?  Oh, hey, Stan. Stan... Are you ok? You've just been acting kind of strange the last few days. Okay. Wow. Wow... Why would my parents name me something that means the only black person? Well, it's not like I really have a choice. That's why I'm here. My parents just bought the farm across the street. Yeah. Out of the blue my dad was just like, "We're going into the farming business!" And we all just picked up and moved. My dad says that he listened to Matt Damon and lost all his money. Yeah, I knew that. A drill? Some kids want to speak with you about pajama day. Oh my God! It's him! It's the sexual predator!  Oh, my God! Ooh! Hey! Oh, my God!  Yeah, what a creep. Come on girls, let's go.  Mr. Principal sir, can we please wear our pajamas on pajama day? Mr. Principal, we really didn't do anything wrong.  Oh, fuck! Yes? Sir? Well, Mr. principal, if you just– We all have to be on the same page here. We apologize.  You guys want a chance to save pajama day? Then join us in telling Mr. Garrison we're all sorry. At school tomorrow, we all tell Mr. Garrison he was right and that we've been terrible students. That we weren't listening and that he deserves to be angry with us. We tell him how much we care and that we want to see him more as a human being than just a teacher. We just have to be brave. Remember... no matter how angry he is, tell him he's right.  "This is..."  You wanted to see me, sir? Sir, maybe people won't lose respect for you if you change your mind. Saying you were wrong is sometimes the strongest thing you can do. Then we can't put on our pajamas. Out of principle. The kids will be okay. At least we still have opposite day to look forward to. I said we'll be okay. It's always the second Friday in March. We're not worried about that, we're all worried about Putin.  Do you know how long we've waited for pajama day?! You can't force us to wear normal clothes! What is this, Nazi Germany?!  You're a fascist! You're a fascist, and this whole school stinks of Nazis! It's comfy womfy. Why else would his name be Tolkien if it wasn't for the guy that wrote the books? You better quit while you're ahead. You don't understand how important pajama day is to kids. It's like the Met Gala for children. Mmkay... but I don't think this is gonna end up the way you want it to.   Uh, kids! I need your attention! We're doing an emergency drill this morning, m'kay? M'kay, now, we haven't done these in a long time, but we need to be prepared if the Russians decide to nuke us. Now, when you hear this sound...  The Russians are nuking us. ...then you need to quickly and calmly get out of your seats and get to the gymnasium, m'kay?   Come on, we're getting nuked! Everyone to the gym! It's our only chance! Under the bleachers! Go! Come on, move! Everyone's going to die! M'kay. That was... 22 seconds. That's not bad, m'kay. Now, if this were real, we would just all stay here and wait to hear from our government and maybe, maybe listen to some appropriate music. Like we did back in the ‘80s. Oh, yeah, yes, of course, PC Principal.  Yes, that's right. We are going to be prepared. VHS is still really the best format when you think about it.  Enjoying it? My job is to have this school ready. Kids need to know what Russia is capable of. Оставь меня в покое (Leave me alone). No, but I've watched ''Hunt For Red October'' like 200 times. No, you – you're right, of course. I'm – I'm over-reacting. M'kay... What are you up to, you piece of shit?  Uh-huh, m'kay, that's nice. That's good to hear. Why don't you just, uh, sit there and tell me about it? Uh huh... Yeah. Yeah, that must be tough. I'm sorry to hear that, m'kay. M'kay, we – the what?  M'kay. Butters. Don't move your head. Uh, uh! They're probably watching us, so keep acting like you're asking me for help. That's good. Now listen carefully. What did your parents tell you? Jesus Christ... M'kay! Well, Butters, you know sometimes troubles at home can be bad, m'kay.  I need you to tell me everything you know about dressage. Don't shoot... I-I'm just the school counselor... Mr. Stotch? What the hell are you doing here? Mr. and Mrs. Stotch, you know—your son has been having some problems on the playground at school. Well, you know...bullies, and, uh, pressure for marihuana, you know, with— Don't fucking move! Now, I want some Goddamn answers! I'm not the traitor! Since I found out the principal is a Russian spy. There's something very big going on here, and I think it involves your son.  I think I understand what's going on now... The Communists are gonna use the pony show as justification... to fire the missiles. Hi, mom. Mom, I need to use something in my old room. Mom, I think World War 3 is about to start. I'm gonna do what I can to protect our country!  X equals "The Russians are nuking us." Print X, goto 10. Run. We're running out of time! Take missiles to DEFCON 2! Get out of my room, mom! Gawd! Get outta my rewm!  ‘Course I'm not m'kay! But you wouldn't understand, ‘cause you're a grown-up! Things used to be so much simpler, mama. There was a good guy and a-and a bad guy. And we all... sort of came together and loved our country...not like it is now. How'd you know about that, mom? You're right, mama...I've been bad. No, I'm bad— Let me—let me through! Let me through! I know! It's amazing!  You know...the past few days, I've been re-living the past. But during this tournament, I started to change. And I just wanna say to the Russians—that if I can change, then yous can change! I know how it is when you're gettin' old, you know, and you're gettin' aggressive because your dick doesn't work the way it used to. But just because our dicks don't work doesn't mean we should go back to the way things were. In the immortal words of Sting—we all share the same biology. Regardless of ideology. Hey look, it's Eric Cartman!  it's okay! What's wrong?! Shh! Eric! Eric, it's okay, sweetie. Shh. Uh, yes, I understand that you told my child that he isn't allowed to wear pajamas this Friday? What is this, Nazi Germany? Well, I'm sorry, but I don't think it's safe for Eric to not wear his pajamas on pajama day. He could die. Well, I'm not really sure where you get off telling me what my son can and can't wear. What do you think about that? In fact, I think you can fuck off. Uh, I can just keep him home on pajama day? Matt Damon told me fortune favors the brave, and I lost all my fucking money! I'm going to rally all the parents, and I'm going to the press! If my son can't wear his pajamas to school, then no kids are going to wear their pajamas to school!  Well, I don't have much experience but I thought I'd give real estate a try. Well, I do believe I'm good with people, and the truth is... I need to do this for my son. Our...rent is going up because of all the new people moving into town – and I don't think I can afford it anymore.  Hello, sweetie! I'm sorry, honey, mommy had some errands. Honey... Mommy has some big news.  I... got a job, Eric.  Oh, honey – It's going to be good! Mommy is just going to be working a few days a week and you can be a big boy and take care of yourself. Eric, this has to happen. We can't afford to live in this house unless I make more money, and this job pays really well. I'm a real estate agent. Okay, Liane... you've got this. You can do this!  Hello there! I believe I spoke with you on the phone? I'm Liane Cartman with South Park Realtors! Well, this is the house I was telling you about. It just came on the market.  It's a 2,300 square foot mid colonial home. Detached garage– Excuse me? Oh, you're about five minutes from the local gym.  Oh! Um, you have such a lovely family! It must have been a big drive from the city? Well, come on in, let me show you around! Eric, what are you doing? Uh, excuse me one moment.  Eric! What are you up to? You are not a real estate agent– Now just march right back home and I will see you when I am done with work!  Eric, this house is being represented by South Park Realtors. You don't get to just walk in and show it! Ooh! Okay. Hi, this is Liane with South Park Realtors. Eric, stop it. You are going to get me fired, Eric. And then we are going to lose our home! I am doing this job for us! So we can have a roof over our heads! I am not talking about this anymore! You are in so much trouble, young man!  You are in big trouble, young man! I have had it with you! Come here right now! Eric! Eric, you're only making it worse! This isn't about that, Eric, and you know it! You're upset! You're upset because you don't want your mom to have a job! It is true! You're scared and you're jealous that a job will take my attention away from you! It's ok to be scared, Eric. I know that I'm the only family you have, but you're making everything worse for us! Eric, you need to stop this right now. It doesn't work that way, Eric! You aren't going to make any money—you're just driving up the market and none of your deals will make it through escrow! Fine, Eric! Will you stop all this if I quit my job?! No! Yes, Eric!..Yes...  Don't shoot! I am not a real estate agent! I am quitting as of right now. And South Park Realty Group is no more. Tom, guten tag and heil Hitler. Apparently, we are living in Nazi Germany. The elementary school behind me is telling some students they can't wear their pajamas to pajama day. The principal of the school says the students are being reprimanded for bad behavior. But many parents are left wondering... ''nehmen sie meinen Schlafanzug''? The school's mandate has caused a backlash with members of the community who are now wearing their pajamas to work in protest! Tom, warm up the wienerschnitzel and put on your lederhosen, because now people are being told to stop making Matt Damon jokes. Opponents are claiming that the jokes are already tired and Matt Damon had every right to make a Bitcoin commercial, so the jokes need to stop. All we can say is– ''Verzeihung für die Witze''. 'Cause it's gettin' real Nazi Germany up in here. Back to you, Tom. Tom, es ist ein wunderschöner Morgen und der Pyjama Tag ist endlich da. Alle Kinder tragen Schlafanzug ausser es würde den Kindern verboten. Eine band spielt das traditional lied von Deutschland, und allen sind glücklich...  Pyjama Tag ist hier. Back to you, Tom. Hast du einen Matt Damon witz gemacht? Ich habe keinen Matt Damon witz gemacht. Pajama time!  Making a difference can be fun! Let's go weed! Wew! Boycotting what? Wait... what? Ugh ahhug– Guys... I wanna have kind of a tough talk with you. We don't really have any black friends, we don't reach out to the black community. Shelley, you never bring any black dudes over. I mean, Stan, your three best friends are all white. Yes, that kid Token. How come you never hang out with him? In a group maybe, but I don't recall just you and Token ever doing anything. I've never seen Token here at the farm, just like the two of you guys. Why not? We'd like to think that, wouldn't we? But... actions speak louder than words, gang. I guess... I guess I just want you to think about it.  Ok, there we go. This is a farm fresh hemp salad sourced locally here at Tegridy! Alright, come on everybody, dig in. Well, you know, with our boys starting to become so close– we thought we better get the families together! If they're friends, then we need to be friends! Huh?  W-what are you talking about? Oh, that's so lame. No, we really just wanted to get to know you guys better since Stan is friends with Token. You know... just out of curiosity– why did you guys name him that? Well– I mean, it's just kind of an odd name, isn't it? Like, some people might think you guys naming your son that isn't very cool. Well I mean other people just think it's a little... I mean, come on, I mean, I'm– I'm not calling you guys racist, but– why did you name your son that?  His name is Tolkien?  Holy shit, that's what his name means?  Would you like to see how we grow and process our weed? You see, it's all about refinement. Here at Tegridy, we believe the best weed is untouched from the earth– so we distill it down to its basic essence. Over there are our clean out vats and up here we have our first stage drying racks. Oh, real quick!  It all takes about six days from the field to a jar that we can sell. So... what do you think? Yeah, it takes a lot. You know– I just had a crazy idea... Our boys are best friends now... Why don't you come work for Tegridy? Oh my gosh– I was just saying we could really use a co-executive of financial consulting! Look, I... Would it be okay if... If I sent you some of our receipts and you could help us– financial consult? Oh my God, this is amazing. Here's to the start of something wonderful. Would you like some free weed? Taking shit tons of Tegridy orders. Sales are going nuts right now. Because we work together? Yes, but then– you got promoted! I was gonna surprise you. Don't you see how lucrative this can be? I mean, we make a pretty damn good team in the weed business. I mean, we are Ben and Jerry– We're Ben and Jerry. You're Jerry, and I'm Ben. No, you're a towel. Doing dru– Do you remember when Bilbo first set out with the dwarves to fight Smaug? What's the first thing they all did? They partied their asses off.  Lucrative treasure. Ben and Jerry, my man. Ben and fuckin' Jerry. Not guilty, your honor. Not true, your honor. I've never even heard Paul McCartney's version. "Black Puppy White Puppy" is a song I wrote by myself on my piano keyboard.  Ohhhh, buzzkill... Okay, what is it? Uhh, yeah... no. Well, you're just– you know, you're just not the idea guy. Alright, look, I'm gonna tell you the truth about ice cream– Jerry actually doesn't do shit. Ben does it all, everyone knows that. Oh, come on, I'm sorry.  He doesn't even really sound like a black guy, you know that? Yeah, that's really cool boys– Wait, wha-a-a-t?!  What the hell's going on?! Credigree Weed? How stupid is that?! Credigree isn't even a word! Well, there's really good weed across the street! Tegridy weed? Oh, oh! He didn't even talk like that before! This guy is a total phony! Now just come across the street, and I'll show you some real nice weed made with Tegridy! These people don't even belong here!  They stole it! They stole my idea! Those dickheads across the street! They took everything I learned about using black culture to make a bigger profit and they're doing it themselves!  Get him outta here, he's a spy!  Hey, fuck face! I don't want your kid over at my house, you got that?! You want a war? Well, you got one! Game on, asshole!  Everyone back in the house. Come on, let's go. Shut up!  Jesus Christ… Seems pretty dangerous. What if the police thought that gun was real? Oh, that's good. Oh, we got you a partner too, Eric. You might remember Stan's Uncle Jimbo. It's ok, I have an idea…   Should I take them out now? Hey whoa, whoa. What the fuck is going on? Hello?! It's St. Patrick's day. You guys this is Tegridy Weed's biggest day of the year. I need help with the St. Patrick's Day Special. Okay, yeah, great, don't worry about it, I'll do it all myself. Again.  This is God damn ridiculous. Piece a shit family.  Ugh, I'm just so stressed out! We have to make a huge profit today or the whole year is fucked. How's the St. Patrick's Day Special? Lemme see...  This is gonna be our best special ever! Come on, let's get the truck loaded up! Let's sell what we can from our drive up booth, and then later we can hit the Irish bar. What the fuck?  Hey! Excuse me! What do you think you're doing? No, you're not. So first you steal my idea of selling weed and now you're stealing my idea of doing a St. Patrick's Day Special! Is that right? Okay... Game on, motherfucker.    Oh. Uh... A very happy mornin', everybody! And a foine St. Patrick's Day to all of ye. I don't know if ya noohticed. But, uh, there's a farm across the street selling weed also... And the owner is actually 10 par-cent Irish! What I'm upset about is a wee little thing called "cultural appropriation". Ever heard of it? That's why we can't wear sombreros on Cinco de Mayo. Why we can't dress like Indians on Halloween. I'm looking at my point, you racist son of a bitch. You have no right to wear that stuff. It is offensive. Come on, guys! St. Patrick's Day is the one day of the year we have left where we can actually celebrate being white. Any other day that we tried to be proud of our culture, we would get immediately cancelled by Twitter! And yet for some reason, you're all over here, buying your weed from someone who is fine mocking our customs and traditions. Okay, yeah... Yeah, let's arrest the white leprechaun. Cuz, you know, can't have one day for a mostly white culture, right? Don't wanna get cancelled. I guess don't arrest him for cultural appropriations? Guess... Guess that only works one way, huh? Yeah yeah, you don't have to push me, copper.  I want my phone call. Yeah, I'm a real fucking leprechaun! Hell yeah we're gonna bust outta here, what do you have planned?  Uh, yes, this is Randy Marsh, I've been incarcerated. I need to speak with my attorney. Yes, I am aware of that. Listen to me carefully. The canary is in the cage. Oh, a confidential matter? Lawyer client privilege. Uh, you know, there's an officer standing right here, actually.  Stan! They got me locked up, you're gonna have to help me break outta here. We have to stop them. Listen to me... is your friend Tolkien there? Yeah, well, his piece a shit dad is trying to take over the St. Patrick's Day Special! You better care, because if we don't make money today you and sister are gonna starve. Do you understand? And I won't be able to pay the Wi-Fi bill. I need you to leave school, go home, and get a jar of the St. Patrick's Day Special weed and sneak it into the police station. I'm asking you to do one little thing. Ditch school, get weed, sneak into the police station. Do it or no more Wi-Fi, I mean it!  Wha... Wha... What's happening?! What's happening? I told you to bring me weed, not a cake! You don't fucking listen to me, do you?! You're incapable of ever doing anything right because--  It's simple... There's always cops looking to make a score. You just gotta find the one willing to trade some drugs for a favor.  Oh... Oh, man, that is strong... White people were slaves in history? Nuh-uh.  Hey, my bruthuh. You got a second? You don't wanna miss out on the only white holiday still allowed, do ya? How'd you like to be able to, uh, celebrate a little? No!  That's it. It's over. My plan is done. Me golden coins of spite!  Towelie... where is all the St. Patrick's Day Special? The weed's all gone, does that mean you were able to sell it? What?! So you mean that right now everyone down at the Irish bar is enjoying my special and they don't even know it?! Come on, let's go!  Stop right there, you piece a shit!  Is everyone enjoying the special?! Oh, yes, so did a lot of people. But you see there's just one thing wrong.  You see?! This is what happens when you appropriate a culture! It's sort of your special and it's sort of not your special... And nobody knows whose special it is. No! No no no no no! You don't get to say what you learned 'cause it's not your special! This holiday is about Tegridy. Whoa-a-a!  Aw... Aww! Hey, guys– I just wanna say I'm really proud to be a part of this office. Wearing our pajamas shows that we care about those school kids– that we care about other people. South Park Realtors!  What's going on, Mike? You're not wearing... pajamas. We're all wearing pajamas. We aren't telling you to wear pajamas– ''he walks over and opens the door]'' But I'm pretty sure this sign right here on the door says you have to wear pajamas! It's opposite day? Well, shit, we gotta go put some normal clothes on! Because we are people who believe very strongly in wearing pajamas to the workplace. If we're wearing pajamas on opposite day, that means we don't normally wear pajamas and we're douchebags like Mike! South Park Realtors! The future! Hey guys– sorry I'm a little late. Got a flat tire on the interstate.  What's the latest news? Well, what do you mean? Oh– yeah– I-I didn't really wanna wear pajamas. Yeah, I just didn't want to with the rain and slush outside. It just... didn't make any sense to wear pajamas. Well you can't force me to wear pajamas! What is this, Nazi Germany? Good, if it's not a big deal, then I'll choose not to wear pajamas. Uh, Mike, we're trying to do the right thing, and it only works if we all wear pajamas. Hey, Mike, just put on some pajamas. It's not a big deal. You redneck, gun toting piece of shit. Hey, Frank! It looks like it's over! The school says the kids can wear what they want because it's opposite day. We burn down the cafeteria? We didn't fucking do anything. Alright, dude, can we lay off the Matt Damon jokes, please? They're just getting old. We smear human shit on all the windows? I'm sorry, sir, but we aren't seating anyone who isn't wearing their pajamas. I understand, but the management prefers that everyone inside be nice and comfy womfy. Sir, I'm just the hostess here. If you prefer, you only need to wear your pajamas to get in. You don't have to wear them at your table while you're actively eating. Please, ma'am, I just want to sit down and eat. So I have to be comfy womfy to get a Rooty Tooty Fresh N' Fruity? So it's okay if we put on our pajamas, walk through the whole restaurant to the table, and then take our pajamas off. What is the fucking point?!  Oh, I see! Bringst du mich ins Gefängnis? Bringst du mich der Führer?  Hey, don't put that pajama wearing slut in here with us! Oh, then should I be wearing pajamas? What seems to be the problem here?  Jesus, I've never seen so many arrests in one day! But she's wearing pajamas. Alright, put her in with the others. What now? Oh, finally something normal! Okay, Mr. Billings, but... you have to understand, it is bedtime. Well, you should just understand where your wife is coming from. If any time makes sense to wear pajamas, it would be as you're going to sleep at night. Alright, alright, listen. What if you were on a ski vacation. Hmm? A nice cozy condo after a long day hitting the slopes. The fire is crackling. You've got a cup of cocoa. You're telling me you wouldn't wear pajamas then? Alright, alright, is there any way the two of you could go to sleep tonight in this house together? Okay, then you can just come sleep downtown at the station. Take her in, boys. Take him in, too!  Arrest those people, and all of those people! This whole town is a powder keg about to go off. And tomorrow is pajama day. Alright, you can all go home. It's opposite day. That's fine, you can all wear whatever you want as long as it covers your dick and tits.  Okay, looks like you assaulted a nine year old girl... No prior history... assault took place at an elementary school. Look, I know! It's St. Patrick's Day, right? If people don't wear green, they get pinched! Yeah... Only one problem. The little girl you pinched? Kelly-Ann Barlow? She was wearing green socks.  You're a goddamn sexual predator. Don't let him jack off in here! These types always mess up my jail! Well, it's 10 a.m. and you people are already wasted, huh? When are you people gonna learn, huh? It's not even lunchtime, for Christ's sake.   Freeze! Don't move, Weinstein, you've got nowhere else to go!  Sir, we got another one. Yeah but she was caught shitting on the car of a guy who wasn't wearing pajamas. That's right, and I'd do it again. Chief, they're asking for your assistance down on Brighton street, Looks like we got a domestic dispute. I told her I just wanna go to bed! If you're not gonna let me go to bed then I'm calling the police! Well, I don't have to wear pajamas! So what? I don't care what time of day it is, I don't ever wear pajamas! No, I wouldn't wear pajamas! No I wouldn't! No I wouldn't! Ha ha, bye bye! He's just gonna go to bed wearing the clothes he wore all day! I don't wanna sleep in that filth! You would beg me for pajamas if we had a condo and cocoa! He's not getting in bed in his clothes. What?!  Oh, my God! They're arresting people in pajamas? What is this, Nazi Germany?!  Aw, how come? I don't know what to wear now. You can't make me wear pajamas! You can't make me cover my dick and tits! As farmers and cultivators of marijuana, we have a responsibility to society...  I know we all respect the crop here, and we seek each day to better understand the nuances and legitimacy of its uses. But we growers must face a harsh reality– Since the legalization of marijuana, communities of color, black and brown Coloradans, those most affected by the racist war on drugs, have now been locked out of the wealth creation of the industry.  Luckily, the public is starting to understand this unfairness– and many people are now talking of boycotting cannabis growers who are only white owned. We are seeing a healthy and dramatic spike in consumers who demand that their marijuana be grown by those who understand the fight for social equity. The bottom line is this– a completely white owned weed business these days... just isn't going to survive.  Randy, stop. We're not racists. Stanley? Are you feeling any better? Well, your friend Tolkien came over to see you. He's downstairs. Oh, that's great! Who did? Eat your breakfast, Stan, you're gonna be late for school. Do both, come on guys, we gotta get going.  I'm about to take the kids to school, why? Sorry, Randy, the kids aren't missing school. Come on, guys, let's go.  Thank you so much for having us over. This is really nice. It's just that the past year or so a lot of people have been inviting us over to dinner and then taking pictures of us to show everyone on Instagram. My husband has always been a huge fan of ''Lord of the Rings'' and ''The Hobbit''. Oh, we can't pull him out. He loves it. Oh, look, here comes the Russian now.  Better dead than red, Butters.  We were just... having a look around...we weren't going to mess with the Russian pony. I-I promise. A what?! It's the truth!'' [Linda shows a paper bag that reads Erewhon]'' What's he doing?  Come on Butters, time for school!  And I'm wearing a green scarf! We've never been to a marijuana farm before. Randy... I hope you didn't invite us here because we're black. What do you mean? People have a problem with Tolkien's name? I wanted to name my son after my favorite author. But she didn't want to name our son J.R.R., so we just named him Tolkien. Yes, you know his name is Tolkien! Sorry, I don't think it's that weird. J.R.R. Tolkien is one of the most prolific, influential writers of our time. What did you think his name meant? It's... uh, very involved. Randy, I have a job. I'm a very successful co-executive of a financial consulting firm. Well that's what we do... Sure. No. What the fuck?  What the hell are you doing? No– why is my face on a billboard?! You said you just needed someone to help with accounting! I told you before that I'm not interested in the marijuana business. I don't believe in drinking or doing drugs. You really think we could make a lot of money together?  Hey, guys, I've got something really exciting to show you! I had this awesome idea last night... and I couldn't even sleep, I thought it was so cool–  We do seven different strains in all, representing the dwarves, the elves, even the uruk hai!  Randy, you seem not to care very much about any of my ideas. I don't seem to be the anything guy. I thought we were Ben and Jerry. Well, I don't want to just be here like some kind of... token black person. No. I totally get now why you want me around, and I'm not gonna do it.  Oh, hey, Randy. What'dya think of the new place? Well, y'all came to the right business, cuz this shit is hard! Hell yeah, we got all kinds of shit– Lemme give you a sample of my Rivendell Elvish Magic...  Hey man, what's your problem?!  Game on, muthafucker. Oh, good morning, Randy. Oh. We're, uh, doing a St. Patrick's Day Special. Uhh, yeah. We are. Pretty sure St. Patrick's Day wasn't your idea. Welcome, everyone, welcome. Thank you for coming to Credigree Farms! Randy, we all see you behind the bush.   So, obviously, you're upset that you don't seem to have any customers. What's your point?  Maybe they're here because my St. Patrick's Day Special is better than yours.  Alright, there you go, happy St. Patrick's Day and thanks for buying Credigree!  I am. You need marijuana for the Irish bar. Well, I'm sure we can help you out. How much Credigree are you looking to buy? Two and a half tons... I don't know, babe, but this could really make our whole fiscal year! Don't worry, we're gonna blow everyone's mind with our St. Patrick's Day Special! Keep it up, babe! We've still got a long way to go! Thank you! Thank you! Thanks for choosing Credigree Weed! Randy... I-I thought you were in jail.  I used both. I guess I just let the holiday go to my head. But I learned that-- This is your mornin' commute, South Park. Looks like we have a bit of slowing heading into town. There's like a truck and a couple cars... maybe take ya a couple minutes there. Also, if you're heading out of town on the main road there's a– there's like a car there, too. Now let's look at the weather...Weather's looking like we're gonna have a little bit of snow. And the uh–  I thought I was Jerry... Oh, that's even better. Everyone will think we're dorks!  How's it going, Randy? I think it's better than last year's.  Randy... I... I thought... you were in jail. Yeah I sort of... sold it... at half price... to Tolkien's dad across the street. You were gone! Tolkien's dad said he'd buy all the weed and I figured that's what we should do! Randy, I'm sorr--  Hey-hey! Stan the man! How ya doin' buddy?  The nurse said you came here by yourself. No parents? Oh, okay, pal. What is it? Well, kiddo... you don't normally go to a doctor's office for feeling racist, but tell me what happened. Uh huh, Tolkien. Great name. Uh huh... and how long have you thought that? Wow. Fuck you. You really thought a couple of black people had a child and named him Token? Why would anyone name a black kid Token? You're a piece of shit. You were just going along with the dominant culture of the white paradigm, that's what you were just– Get out of my office, you make me sick! I don't know what's wrong with some people. I wonder if anyone else thought that this kid's name was Token? Hmm? Anybody? Anyone else just assume his name was Token? Because that's disgusting, and you are the problem. I thought I told you to get out of my office, because you seriously make me sick– I'm gonna shit my fucking pants right now. Oh, you wanna change? Then I suggest you start doing a lot of reading.  The story of young Stan Marsh might seem incredible, but the fact is many people suffer from unconscious biases.  If you or someone you know might have also thought the name Tolkien didn't come from J.R.R. Tolkien, then please call... 1-800-I AM A GIANT PIECE OF SHIT. Because you are the fucking problem.   It is told that in their beginning, the dwarves was made by Aule in the darkness of Middle-Earth. South Park. Back To The Cold War. Starring... Butters! Stephen and Linda Stotch! Melancholy, the horse! And the comedy of Vladimir Putin! As the owners of Tegridy Farms, you are accused of plagiarizing a song for your marijuana company. How do you plead? The complaint says that you asked for the rights to the song "Ebony and Ivory," but when you were turned down by Paul McCartney, you copied the song into something similar.  Uh, hello, we'd like to buy a little weed. Yeah, we're just– we're looking for something with a little more... street cred. Wow, bro, you're a racist piece of shit.  Can we see what you've got, please? It's our anniversary! Yeah, a little more cred! Yes sir. If you're looking to move out of the city, I think your family would love South Park. You can get four times the house here that you can get in the city.  Yeah, we – we have a coffee shop here. Yes... We're up in the mountains about an hour from Denver. Do you think you could drive out from the city this weekend and I could show you some properties?  Oh, you have a Tesla? Oh, how nice. South Park – yeah, it's a charming country village. If you're able to work from home, I think you'll really love it out here.  LaCroix? The sparkling mineral water? Yes, I do believe we have that in our stores here... We're seeing a massive influx of city people moving out here to the country. And the truth is we don't have enough real estate agents to keep up with all the demand.  Mrs. Cartman, being a real estate agent takes a lot of intellect and a lot of raw talent. You have to get your picture taken. Get people to like the picture and go, "Oh, I'd like to hang out with that person." And then act like you like those people when you show them houses. Well, then, I am going to give you a shot. Mrs. Cartman. For your little boy. What?! Who is this South Park Realty Group?! Has anyone heard of them?! Oh my god... That's a pretty damn good picture. How'd he get that kind of depth of field? Alright, everyone! Looks like we've got some competition! If anyone thinks they can take our clients, they've got another thing coming. Everyone, get up. We're gonna retake our pictures. No, no, no, we're getting our butts kicked, and we need to show this kid what we can do! Come on, Chris! You gotta look really welcoming! Come on, arch your back more! Come on, Chris, you wanna lose another sale?! Arch your back more!!! That's good, we got it– Get in here, Carol!  Got it! Ok, next! Uh, Liane, you got a call, line 2. Sounds like a broker interested in 4600 Highgate. It just isn't fair... We retook all our pictures, and what does South Park Realty Group go and do? They go and make a video. And just like that, they take all our customers.  That's a very smart idea! It's definitely a sellers market right now! It's good you came to South Park Realtors. What kind of house is it? Once in a lifetime, a property comes up for sale that it's so unique, it defies words. We know that good houses are getting hard to come by in South Park...and that's why we are so excited to bring you this exceptional new property. This is the historic Aspen Park Hot Dog. 200 square feet of pure luxury. Let's check it out. You want to move out of the city and enjoy the laid back country life? It's all here.  Find out more about this dream home today at South Park Realtors.  Over here... They're too smart for us. South Park Realty Group. We tried to keep up... took our pictures again—aagh! My spine is broken. Not us...South Park Realty Group...they upset the natural balance. Real estate agents don't really do anything. If they start doing stuff, then the whole housing market goes crazy! Real Estate is a delicate balance. It has to be left to the professionals. There's a great migration happening all over America. And if we do it right... Everyone ends up in a home...that they can afford.  Bottled water. Bottled water. Bottled water. Uh-huh... uh-huh... Is there a gym my wife can do Pilates? Pilates. Bottled water? Tesla. We have a Tesla. No Wi-Fi. Bottled water. Wi-Fi? My son left his MacBook in the Tesla. Pilates? Pilates? Is there Wi-Fi? Oat milk. Oat milk. Wi-Fi. Wi-Fi. Uh, cortado. Wha– Wha– Wha– Wha? Bottled water. LaCroix. Wi-Fi. Pilates. People, this is the most exciting time in the history of South Park. As you know, there are people from all over the country leaving the cities and coming to small, rural towns like ours. I've always dreamed of South Park becoming more than a little hick town.  And these city people bring with them... a new hope. People... we have a giant problem. There are now so many city people looking for houses in South Park...that it could destroy our rebounding economy. They are, but Mr. Kim has a theory, and I think you all better listen to him. Mr. Kim. So then we have to find a way to stop this. Realtors don't care about anything but money. We have to show them who's really in charge of this town...Jimbo—go to your gun store and get the necessary supplies. I'm declaring open season...on real estate agents. It's truly incredible for all of us. With this new surge of people from urban areas, we're seeing more town money from sales taxes, more profit in our local businesses– Uh...how so? I thought city people were good for our economy. Well, it serves you right for what you're doing to our town! My bakery has seen a 20% increase in sales. Oh, I just love all these city people moving in! Here's to the future, everyone! We can't let that happen. Not when things are finally starting to turn around! Yes! We are to tell the realtors to cool their jets! You're driving all the city people away! Where is South Park Realty Group located?! There's a big one and a little, fat one! We did it! We fucking did it! That's right. It's great to have shitty people. These shitty people come with their fancy shitty crothes and their big shitty cars. You know, and these shitty people have a shitty way of doing things that will expose us all to their shitty ideas. Huh...sound like-a shitty people. Oh, no! There's way too many shitty people! Go on, go, go! Shoo! Too many of you shitty people! Go on! Go on, shoo, shitty people! What's the one thing shitty people hate most? Other shitty people. Shitty people wanna get out of the shitty. If too many come here... South Park becomes shitty, and then all the shitty people gonna reave. Yeah, and they've got city money and city lifestyles! It's the damn real estate agents! They're the ones who are going overboard. They only care about their commissions! What the hell. What happened here? I see one! There's a real estate agent right there! Hold yer' fire! Come on out, ya' damn real estate agents!  Did somebody say somethin' about Airsoft against teenagers?!  But there's one teenager I can't seem to find! Well, I'm hungry, is there any place around here to get a hot dog? Shitty money, shitty lifestyles. And they'll move here and bring their shitty famiries. And their cultured, shitty kids will hang out with our kids and expose them to their shitty ways. Cortado? Excuse me, what are you doing? Our house isn't for sale! Hey!  Will you please get out of our house? Four million dollars, really? Macbook, Tesla? Told you our furniture sucked!  Hey– Hey, John, I got some bad news. We just lost another client to the South Park Realty Group. We're losing people like crazy! These guys are ruthless.  I don't know he's gotta be using some kind of soft filter– nothing I've ever seen! I think maybe real estate just isn't the same anymore. Maybe we gotta start making fancy videos to keep up. They're showing a house... The Tolkien house... you have to stop them. Awwwww! [''all the realtors stand up and begin posing]'' R-really? That's great! Hey, hey, sir! We can sell your house!  Ugh. I'm trying– I'm, ugh, arched as far as I can...! I-I got it–!  Excuse me, there's all these city people moving into town and I think I'd like to sell my property. LaCroix? LaCroix? Wifi? MacBook?  Wha-- wha-- wha-- wha-- ''Dancehall days, love...'' ''Games without frontiers...'' Hi, Katie! Hi, Kelly! Oh my gosh, Pixie looks so pretty today! Thanks! I braided my pony's tail. Hi, Butters. Ewwww! Alright, pony riders. We've got a big competition this weekend, so let's line up and do our rails. Okay, Staci Mae, nice trot. Here comes the jump.  Good, Heather. That's good control of Sunshine. Good. Okay, Butters. Come on, you're next. Don't wave at us, Butters!  Judges hate when they wave. He needs to not do that. Come on, Butters. Come on!  We should just pull Butters out of dressage. He sucks at this. Don't you understand, Linda? I'm scared. The big competition is this weekend. Butters will be going up against the Russians.  Boo, Russia! Boooo!  Don't you know who that is? That's Dan Solokov's kid! Dan Solokov? Who works at the Ace Hardware over in Meeker? Even the kid's pony is a Russian Etruscan!  You piece-a-shit communist! You won't take our freedoms away! Boo, Russia! Alright, Butters, you've just got two more days before the dressage competition. You're gonna have to do better than that, Butters. You see that little Russian kid over there?  That kid doesn't give a shit about you. He just wants to win and take what little patriotism our country has left. You didn't live through the Cold War, Butters, but we did. This tournament is going to be turned into a political spectacle, and we have to win. Otherwise, I'm afraid we'll have to give your pony away to communists who slaughter ponies and donkeys to make skin cream. That's mostly the Chinese, but a commie's a commie. Now, that little prick is trying to intimidate you. I want you to go in there and show him how an American rides! Butters! Butters, what the hell are you doing?! You have to learn to control! Butters, what the hell is that?!  Jesus, Linda, what are we gonna do? What are you doing here? Mr. Mackey? What the hell are you doing here?! I'll ask the questions, I've got the gun! Shut up, Linda! What kind of problems? So, you want them to win, huh? You're a traitor! Yeah, right...since when do you care about dressage?! Mr. Mackey... we were just here to try and give that pony diarrhea by feeding it Erewhon. We're on your side.  Oooh, no! No! We're all dead, Linda. What's he doing?! He's fighting for democracy! Go, Butters! He's got 'em! Mackey, we did it! Ha ha... I've got a green tie on, you little rascal! Boo!  Aaah! Hey, what are you booing a little kid for? Yeah, yeah, copper, you got me, big deal. Hey, you can't do that, man! I will not! Hey, that is a homophobic slur! Wow, St. Patrick, wow. You're a real jerk. To hell with him and to hell with this Tegridy Weed St. Patrick's Day Special.   "War without tears... Jeux sans frontiers..." ''[a knock is heard] ''Yeah? Welcome, everyone, to the 10 and under pony dressage finals. We want to thank everyone for coming out today to support these little riders. It all comes down to this. Number 8-2-3, Davey Solokov and his Russian Etruscan. If he completes this last rail, he will be the winner. Rider...please demonstrate your trot. And here is the rail. Wait a minute—we have another pony in the ring! Well, hi, junior! What a surprise, m'kay! Well, sure, come on in! Everything is still just as you left it, son. Oh, uh, m'kay, honey, I'll make you a snack. Here's your Sunny Delight and Steak-umms, honey. Sweetheart...are you m'kay? Honey...as your mother, I want you to know you can talk to me about whatever you want. Even if it's about being scared of gettin' old.  Ooh, junior. I know that gettin' old isn't so much fun, is it? We all wanna go back to a time when we were younger. You're getting to be around 55. Your pee-pee doesn't work so good, does it? Well, I'm your mom, honey. When a man gets to a point where his pee-pee doesn't work the way it used to, he starts to...well, sit in his room and play war games again, you know? But honey, those times weren't better. We were all scared. People died. That's not something to strive to get back to. Oh, you're not bad— No, no, sweetheart. It-it just felt good ‘cause it was familiar. That's just sort of what us old people do. What the hell was that? Well, kick them out! Shut off the Wi-Fi! What are they trying to do?!  Jesus Christ... it's dressage. Someone from the outside is logged into the missile defense system! It's just repeating the same line over and over. How did they get it to do that?! It's not coming in on Wi-Fi! It's some old, archaic technology! Wooah! Sir! The computers are taking us to DEFCON 3! Товарищ! Американцы взяли NORAD на DEFKON 3! (Comrade! The Americans have taken NORAD to DEFCON 3!) Мы должны показать это президенту Путину! (We must show this to President Putin!) DEFCON 3?! Президент Путин нездоров. В последнее время он выглядит грустно-ностальгичным (President Putin is not well. He seems sadly nostalgic lately).    Butters! Butters! Waagh!  10! 9! 8! 3! 2!  1! You're out! Da... da...  Wha– Wha– What? Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!  Okay, okay, Kyle, breathe. "Airsoft Armory"? My God! Is this stuff real?! I-I really don't think your mom would approve, Kyle… This stuff is expensive! Is this really how you want to spend your allowance? These are all, like, legal, right? So it's all totally safe? What people mostly play Airsoft? Hey, Kyle… Uh, how did the Airsoft go? Are you sure this isn't all a little too much for you, son? I love you too, Kyle. He's just… experimenting.  Hey, buddy, what's up? I thought you were gonna go out and play Airsoft today? Oh.  D-Did something happen? Oh. Well, you know, they say that the… brain chemistry of a teenager is the same as that of a psychopath. The hormones and all that—it's been proven they're literally criminally insane.  Oh, buddy. Well, maybe you could ask the Airsoft field to let you play without the teenagers. Well… did you guys ever consider your dads? Come on in, boys.  What do you think? This one can shoot a thousand BBs in like five seconds. No, it's safe. See? As long as your gun has a red tip and you're white, police won't shoot you. We need some equipment. We're gonna try and take out some teenagers. Yeah, well, I've got something bigger.  American Express Platinum. Give me one of everything you have. This army! Did you see how those teenagers ran? Hey, that's what we're here for, right? We're just glad you wanted to spend some time with us.  Not yet… we still have a few good years before they turn into monsters. Uh, yes, sir. You see, you load these soft BBs into the guns and they just kinda sting. And you can put the soft BBs into grenades, rocket launchers, all kinds of stuff. Well, I wouldn't particularly say that…I mean – all the stuff is safe, the guns and grenades and things… but – but not necessarily the people who mostly play Airsoft… Teenagers.  How can I, uh… help you gentlemen? Uh… I think that's a somewhat foolhardy plan. Have you seen the kind of weaponry the teenagers buy? It's some of the biggest, nastiest weapons we sell. Yes, sir! Alright, Airsofters, let's listen up. Before we let you onto the field, we need to run through our safety precautions. First, your Airsoft guns must all have a red tip – Second, there is no full auto allowed on the field. Third, there is a 500 fps limit for your BBs. If you're hit by a BB, raise your hand, say "hit", and go back to respawn. Alright, you guys are Team Rogue Wolf.  You guys will be playing against– where is Team Floppy Weiner? Alright, fine! Then we'll split the kids up on two teams and each one will have a teenager partner. Kid with the poof ball, that's your teenager– Green hat kid, that's your teenager– Team B, those are your two teenagers. Hey, hey, hey! No shooting from less than 10 feet!  Bruhhh..  Ow! Aaagh! Ow! Bruh! Bruh! Aaagh! Bruh! We know all the safety stuff –  Bruh, can we play now? Bruh! Come on! This way!  Hit! Fine, then why don't you just be on your own team?  Dood… that's weed. I smell weed. Dope! That is so dope, bruh!  Bruh, we know… Yes, already, yes! Bruh, no! We aren't playing with little kids! Fine and if we win, you stay out of our lives forever! Bruh… What?! Yeah, it'll be too easy! Bruh, seriously? Yeah, you and what army?!  That smells dope! Go! Go, go, go, go! Ow! Hit! Ow! I said hit, you bitch! Hit! Dood, it's a whole lit jar of weed! I'm outta green gas, you got green gas?! Bruh, how do I make ramen? I'm starving, and the instructions are all stupid. It's not going! The ramen's all hard and I can't eat it like that! Where do I get water? Bruh. I'm sorry I'm not a five-star chef!! I don't take orders from you! I wasn't less than 10 feet! I'm not gonna play anymore. This is stupid!  I'm not gay. Why'd you call me gay?! Like, what the hell do you know?! You don't even fucking know me. They said I couldn't shoot a BB within 10 feet, and I just had to say bang bang, and you got all Salty and said I was gay. Bruh. Oh, so I'm a fucking dog now?! I'll fucking kill you! I want you to just leave me alone!  I'm holding my hand over a lighter! It's burning the shit out of my hand Bruh! Bruh, this hurts so bad! Oh dude, it's fucking black! Is that what a third degree burn looks like?! Dood, I just so lit burned my hand. I need like—I need like emergency services. Bruh, that was stupid. I'm not fucking stupid! Go home? Bruh. Fine, then just leave! Cuz we don't want you here. Bruh, keep shooting! Why do I have all these fucking zits on my face?! You don't even fucking care! You don't care because you don't even fucking know me!!  Bruh… (Yeah!! Woo-hoo!) (That was fucking great!) (Me too!) (Yeah! Mine too.) (Dude, I don't know, I'm trying to think!) (Agh! Hit, hit, hit!)  (Yeah…) (So, what do we do? Do we give up Airsoft?) (How?) (Yeah, it's really beautiful.) (And completely insensitive! What's going to happen when you grow up?! You have to learn responsibility!) (Dad?) (Fuck yeah, Dad!) (Thanks, Dad.) Gerald… why is Kyle wearing my makeup on his face? Are you Kyle? I'm here to drop off Trevor. He said he is your teenager now. Okay! Well, good luck. Just gimme a call– don't make it too soon, though, because I am going to relax. What time are you picking me up?! Fine, go ahead, I'm glad! Go away, I don't wanna see your stupid fucking face!  I'm fucking starving to death! Can you make me some fucking food?! Fucking leave me alone!! I don't know.  I don't know! Can we go now? Shut up… That one right there! Take him out! I need a bathroom! I have to go to the bathroom– brah, what?!  I gotta go to the bathroom. I fucking hate you!   I'm going to the bathroom.  Leave me alone!  Bruh! What the hell are you doin'?! Ow! Ow! Ow! Bruh! Agh, bruh! Aah! Ow, my dick! My dick! Aagh! Want to kill themselves. Bruh… How long has this store been here? Any of you pussy teenagers wanna Airsoft against some drunk rednecks? That's it, son! Light 'em up! Of course they won't! I saw half of 'em break their guns in frustration. Hit! Bruh!  Bruh… Bruh. What do you mean? Do you know what sexual assault is? Wow, kid, wow!  Okay, okay, I'll take care of it...  Is that better? What do you want? Yeah, of course I would, but I can't.  Ooh, hey, I'm in.   Ohhh! Ohh! Alright. Take this shithead to the station and book him for sexual assault of a minor.  We got some more St. Patrick's Day offenders. Let's go, buddy.  Okay, back in you go.   He just touched me and he didn't ask for consent or anything. I just need to take a shower and cry. Oh my God. Can I help you? Alright, it's your lucky day, folks, some kids brought you some holiday cheer. Hey guys! How'd you like to be able to celebrate a little?!  Ooh da lolly! St. Patrick's Day! Wow, look at it! I thought I wouldn't be able to get wasted till later! Man, that is strong ass shit. You can taste the Irishness.  This weed is amazing and it has so much cred. You know, I've never really been a fan of the holiday Specials, but this one is really good.  There he is, get him! Leopold Stotch? I'm the public defender that's been assigned to your case. Is there a problem? No, I'm wearing yellow socks.   I'm here to help you, okay? Now, this woman that you're accused of groping, were you two in any kind of relationship?  Before you touched the victim, did she give you any kind of consent? And who is this St. Patrick to you?  Can you show me where on the body you touched the girl? Did you put your fingers inside her? I am not representing this fucking animal!  Awww, yeah... And now back to the Credigree Weed St. Patrick's Day Special. And now for the thrilling conclusion of the Credigree St. Patrick's Day Special. Good afternoon, sir! Are you the creator of Credigree Weed? Well, I'm the owner of the Irish bar here in town. Farty O'Cools. We've got thousands of patrons today and I'm looking to score some weed. Well, everyone's been drinkin' since 9 a.m. But now they need something to take the edge off until they start doing coke at 7:30. Oh, I'd say we need about... Oh, two and a half tons of yer St. Patrick's Day Special. Alright! Well, we'll see ya down at Farty O'Cools!  Are you crazy? How are we gonna get that much weed together in time? I just hope you're not overdoin' it again. My God! I never thought we'd sell this much weed! Babe! That's how you got so much weed?!  Wow!  Whoa! Oh! Whoa! Aah! Aah! Oh! Ugugghghh! Whoa! Oh! Oh!  Hey, everyone! Everyone! Everyone, quiet! Turn up the TV!  Once again the town of South Park is on high alert after a sexual predator escaped from custody. Everyone who's out at bars or restaurants for St. Patrick's Day need to be on the lookout for the sexual psychopath.   And now... St. Patrick's Day, the only holiday left where white people could celebrate a culture... has been cancelled. And as for the mysterious, sexually charged being who groped and assaulted so many. He... is doing five years community service. Tom, I'm standing outside the South Park Police Station, where just moments ago a sexual predator broke free.  Police claim they tried to stop the felon from escaping, but they were just, "Way too high." Back to you, Tom.  What, what, he's here?!  Stop right there!  What... exactly is going on here. You've persecuted this little boy for grabbing people? Why, it's ridiculous! You've all besmirched a perfectly good white holiday. Where we all like to get drunk and assault each other! It's St. Patrick's Day!  Who wants a pinch?  Oh, yes, very nice!  No, you bought the shirt, bitch!  Who wants him to take his dick out? What is this? Are you people all some kind of Scottish poofters? You're calling me homophobic? Because I will gladly fuck any man here. We celebrate St. Patrick's Day for four simple reasons. I. Love. To. Fuck. Where is everybody going? This party fucking sucks! Doesn't anybody want a pinch? 