 You coming?  Randy, do not watch that no-no channel. Alright, come to bed soon.  Randy, you've been watching that channel, haven't you?! Yes, because every time you watch cooking shows you stay up all night trying to copy what they made. Just using the parental controls to block some channels. Then how do you know I blocked them? Randy! Marsh! I don't know what to do, Sheila. It's like he's a different person. Last night I walked in on him in the bathroom. He was sitting on the toilet flambéing a pork chop. It just makes me feel unwanted, you know? I mean, am I not attractive anymore? I mean I don't exercise anymore at all. Like I have time to go to the gym every day. Oh, yes. I was interested in the Shake Weights? Oh I didn't realize there were different models. I... think I'll start with the smaller white ones. Well I don't know- Thank you, Shake Weight. Hahhh. Oh wow. Oh I know! He tried out all his recipes here and left me with the mess! You think your father's gonna listen to me?!  Oh.  This thing is so great. It reminds me when I haven't worked out in a while.  Right! I spend all my trying to take care of everybody else!  I don't need to look good to keep your father interested in me! I'm just going to do it FOR ME! Oh, this is so nice. I really needed this. Oh, thanks Shake Weight. You're right. Well, Linda Stotch is a real gossiper and Tammy Bretts at work is just a know-it-all.  A workout? Right now? I don't really like working out in public. Oh God, not right now. Ugh, I'm tired. Oh, where is that sleep mode button? Ugghh.   Ahhh. "Your room is being serviced"? Ugh, oh well.  Uhh, excuse me?  Yeah, I don't care, I just wanna find out how to return my Shake Weight! Because I want to return it now! I need to know the address of your company. I don't care how long I've had it, I want my money back!  Randy, I'm back. Randy, we should talk. Randy, I don't want our marriage to fail. I don't know how to fix what's wrong, but please, can't we just go to bed and start fresh in the morning? What'd you say? Can I try something? You gonna go back to the kitchen? No, I'm good, thanks.  Shake Weight, you aren't really workout equipment at all, are you? I'll remember that now, thanks to you. Goodbye, Shake Weight. 