 Uh, hey, hey, hey! What the hell are you all doing? Guys! Guys, this has gone on way too long. Can't we all stop being so mean to each other?  For the first time I feel kind of bad for the person being farted on. Vice Principal Woman? My name's Kyle, and I've been doing a lot of changing lately. I came because I might be able to offer some... insight into our problem here. You see, there's a culture at this school that embraces meanness, and I believe now that it comes from a Canadian TV show. All the boys watch it. I did too. We all laughed while they... farted... on innocent people's heads. The thing is, I never felt for the person being farted on. Until now. I want to work with you to open people's eyes, because I get it now. What? But, but I thought for sure YOU would be on my side. What?? D'oh, forget it!  Rrrrr! Thanks for having me, Tom. All I'm saying is that there's a culture that originates from Canada which is at least partly to blame for the state of our country now. I'm saying we're all guilty too. I grew up watching Terrance & Phillip, and I thought it was funny. No, it was never funny. I see it differently now. We don't wanna censor it, we just wanna... get rid of it. Oh, see? That's what I'm talking about, right there! That kind of mean, degrading, Canadian trash! Canadians should care about the rest of the world! Maybe I will! Maybe I know the President! Stop calling me that! That's all you know is how to be mean- Because you were all raised on it yourselves!  We are Millennials Against Canada. We demand this kind of bullying Canadian entertainment be stopped! Good. Give it here.  Yes, hello? This is the leader of Millennials Against Canada. Oh, I'm sorry I'm taking a stand and doing something. I realize this doesn't gel with your nihilism! I'm not like my mom! I'm gonna make a difference! It's gonna feel real good! The National Guard? Yes. This is Millennials Against Canada. We can't do that, Mr. President. Someone has to do what's right. What do I want? I want a world... where laughter doesn't come at someone else's expense. Where people can live freely without fear of being farted on. I want a world where you aren't ridiculed for trying to help. A world where a nice girl that I liked isn't turned into another Eric Cartman! These Canadians are in the way of that world, and everything they do and everything they have done needs to be erased from the Earth! 