Alright everyone, listen up. As you know, there's been a lot of bullying and insensitivity at our school. To counteract this, it is my firm belief that South Park Elementary is in desperate need of s a strong woman. So in looking for a new vice principal, we wanted to find a powerful, intelligent, and independent female to be a role model for us all. And with that said, I'd like to introduce our new vice principal, Strong Woman.   Hey! Stotch! You do not disrespect Strong Woman by talking when she's talking! Oh. Uh, I was just making sure everything was uh- Shit. I mean, no, sorry, sorry, I'm not u-, uh, here you go.  From everyone! No. NO! Sorry, I thought I'd... add, just add for emphasis. No-I, I'm... Uh, I'm sorry.  Alright, now if we have any q-  Right, right, uh, I'm sorry. Every- pay attention everybody! Alright, everyone. Listen up. As you all know, we've been looking for a strong woman to take on the role of vice principal at this school. We couldn't be happier with the selection we've made and we're sure she'll be making our school a better place. So with that let me turn over the floor to our new vice principal, Strong Woman.  E-excuse me everyone, I um, I need to get to the restroom. Sorry, I'll be right back.  That's right, I'm PC Principal. I'm uh... having this problem with my ears. There's like a persistent kind of ahh ringing going on. It's um, Hootie & The Blowfish. Yeah, uh, ahem, there's a new woman that has joined our faculty. Her name is Strong Woman, and uh, she seems to have set off some kind of device in my ears. No, that couldn't be it. We work in the same place, so it would be impossible for me to like her. I'm thinking there's some sort of device in my ears. Oh, dude. Bro. Uh YES. Yes, Mackey, um, I just wanted to see how you thought it was going with Strong Woman. Do you know, uh, [begins to fumble on his words] Do you know if Strong Woman has a boyfriend? No-nothing. Just forget it.  I just wanted to know because she's unavailable, then maybe I can get my head off of her, alright?  I don't know how it happened. I know it's inappropriate and yet I can't stop thinking about her. I think I'm... sick. HR? Is that like... Hootie Removal? Alright, everyone. Listen up. As you know, we want to provide a safe work environment for all our employees. Sometimes feelings do arise and we are tempted by the Devil to act upon them. So we've been reaching out to Human Resources division as I think we can all use someone to tell us about what is and isn't considered misconduct. She has some great advice for us, so please welcome Heather Conduct. Go ahead, Miss Conduct.  All right, military alert, everyone! Let's get to the hallways and get the students to the gymnasium! Come on, let's move! You heard her! Move it, people!  I have to make sure all the classes are empty. You go take cover with the kids. Alright, come on!  Oh no. Vice Principal Woman, I need to ask you something. This is very difficult, but, uh...  Well, as you can see, there's a door in front of us. I would like to open this door for you. However, I understand the gender-based biases this can imply. I don't need to open the door. I'd just be opening it and holding it the same way I would for Counselor Mackey, a student, anyone else. 