Thank you, PC Principal. Alright everyone, listen up. I'm the new vice principal of this school. My name is Strong Woman. I've already spent a few days here at the school watching and observing and we definitely have things we can all be working on.  You really think I couldn't have handled that? Myself? You really had to grab the mic out of my hand like that? I want the girls here at this school to know that they can talk to me about anything, but I also want the boys to know what I'm looking for is a better place for everybody.  Turning this school around is going to take work from everyone.  Sorry, am I not doing this correctly? You felt it wasn't strong enough? Me just saying it?  I'm looking forward to being your vice principal, and I'm looking forward to turning this school around. I'm not finished! Thanks everyone. Alright, listen up.  I fully appreciate that some of you might be uncomfortable with me being here. Earlier today, I noticed that some faculty weren't sure whether to call me "Miss Woman" or just "Strong." If I were a man, you'd probably address me as Vice Principal Woman, so why should it be any different, huh? We good? So I've been getting to know some of the students here and I'm definitely hearing a lot of frustration and confusion over issues that all the schools are facing right now. I also spent some time observing in the cafeteria and was pretty shocked by the abusive and intolerant language.   It's, it's coming from over here somewhere. You may enter.  Yes?  What can I do for you? Please, by all means.  You want to blame farts? That seems kind of ridiculous, doesn't it? I mean, it's a slippery slope when we start pointing the finger at our own shortcomings. Kind of sounds like something my mother would say, actually. What the hell is that? Let's go! Everyone to the gymnasium now! I'm coming too. I'm your vice principal. What's wrong? Okay? What? What? Yes, there is. Why do you need to open the door? Somebody's gonna have to open the door, or we could die out here. 