No, dickhole. Four tickets, 28th row, for the Raging Pussies! Dummy, you don't ask if you can go! I'm telling my parents I'm staying at Stan's house, Stan's telling his parents he's staying at Kenny's house, and Kenny's not telling his parents anything, 'cause they're alcoholics and they don't care! Well, I guess you're screwed, then.   Well, you... could make them... go away for a while. Well, I mean, you... could... call the police and have them take your parents away. Yeah, I saw it on TV. All you gotta do is call the police and say that your parents both molestered you. I don't know, but it works. When I wanted to get rid of my mom's last boyfriend, I just called the police, and said he was molestering me, and I haven't seen him for three months. You have to make it convincing, though, when you call the police. You have to be like,  "my parents molestered me." No, but you've gotta cry, like this:  you say it was a bad touch. Something about a swimsuit - I don't remember, but you definitely answer "bad touch." Yeah, And cry.  Oh, he's ready. Hey, yeah! We should all say our parents molestered us!  Notice anything?  Yeah, nothing. There's not an adult left in town.  They've all been arrested, and the ones that ''weren't'' arrested have moved away because they're ''scared'' of being arrested Hello, Mr. and Mrs. Cotner. Won't you come in, please?  Mr. and Mrs. Cotner, as the mayor of Smiley Town, I would like to ask you a few questions. Parents?  Ah, you mean the birth-givers. They're not around. Okay, see, I am the mayor of Smiley Town, and so I will ask the questions around hyah! Eheh, I'm afraid you'll find all the phones... quite out of service.   Ringy-ding? Aaahh!  Where is your husband? Seize her!   Outlander! We have your woman! She still lives, outlander! Outlander, her blood was fair! Butters, calm down, alright? I believe you have something of ours, outlander! Give it back, or the female gets it!  Heh, heheh. We're running out of time! Hand our book over, quick! The Provider awakes! Aw, damnit! Alright.  Yeah, we'll call the police and say you molestered us, too. Take him down.  Snow igloos kick ass.  