Hey there, Richard! Yeah. It's a hybrid. I just... I just couldn't sit back and-  be a part of destroying the earth anymore. Oho...  You know, the emissions from a vehicle like yours causes irreparable damage to the ozone. I drive a hybrid; it's much better for the environment.  Thanks. Oh yes. You've got one too, I see.  Thanks. Hold on, boys. We still have to go to the hardware store, and hand out awareness citations to SUV cars in the parking lot. Okay, there's another one.  "Ticket for driving a gas-guzzler" Look, there's a Jeep over there! Go write them a ticket, Kyle! NOW, KYLE!  Oh! Sorry Randy. Looks like you got a ticket. Yeah. I'm just, you know, trying to make people more ''aware'' ya' know, it's a- Well, Randy, calm down. It's not a real ticket. Jimbo, your truck probably gets less than ten miles to the gallon. Look, I'm just trying to make the people of South Park aware of a very serious problem. Oh! I'm sorry! I didn't think it was "high and mighty" to  care about the earth! Well, I really don't see how  that has anything to do with the- All right, that does it! Come on, Kyle, I don't want you hanging around with these ignorant idiots!  Yeah. Yeah, I think it's best we just do it right away.  Yes, it certainly is. Well, I totally agree, Kyle. Yes. A lot of people in town just aren't ready to drive hybrid cars. And that's why,  ...we've decided to MOVE! We need to be where everyone is motivated and progressive like us! Start getting your things packed, boys! The Broflovksi family is moving to San Francisco!  I'm sorry, Stan, but unfortunately you live in a small-minded town filled with ignorant boobs.   Well? What do you think, huh?  Yeah. Now THIS, is a house.  Yes that's right. We're the Broflovskis. Yeah. That's right. Wow, so, everyone here drives a hybrid, huh? Yeah. We sure are. Yeah, well, you know my son is just  a little bit more clever than some. Hey there. Alan, right? Right right, w-would, would you like red or white wine? Oh. Sure.  Everything okay in here, Kyle? So much better here with the intellectuals, isn't it, boys?  Mmmm.  We don't know. We were all passed out and... next thing we know we just woke up on a bus heading here. And let's make sure nobody gets a stupid hybrid, right?  I don't think I can do it either. Come on, everybody! Let's go buy wasteful gas guzzlers!  