All right, sir, well, please call us if you need anything.  It's a great idea, we just have to keep working at it.  Hello, ma'am, we're detectives with the South Park Crime Unit. Do you have any crimes you need solved, for a dollar? Have you reported this to any other authorities? We're on the case. Detective McCormick found something interesting.  You said you set the pie in the window sill, where it must have sat for some time.  His plan was to use a hammer. Then to make it impossible for police to identify the body, he'd use a shovel to remove your head.  The arms and legs he would dissolve with acid and lye in the bathtub.  Just the news.  Hey, you owe us a dollar, lady. Wow, look, you guys! Our first dollar!  Yes it is! All right, Sarah, come over here.  Now, I want you to describe what the doll looks like to our sketch artist, Kenny. You got it, Ken?  Put that away, dude!   The pain gave him sick pleasure.  Hey, kid, what are you doing? Detective Marsh. I'm in charge of this investigation! Aw crap! Son of a bitch stupid FBI! No! We're not gonna stop playing detectives! We've just gotta find that little girl's doll before those FBI guys do. We're gonna have to just start bringing in people for questioning.  They've gotten really good at this good-cop bad-cop thing. It's that thing we learned about in school where you pull on your wiener until white stuff comes out.  Cartman! Cartman! We just got a tip that a doll was found near Fosse's house!  South Park Junior Detectives! We know you have Sarah Peterson's doll! I don't know. Dude, we just can't tell on them. Jesus! They're gonna kill her!  Hey, you butt-holes can't play FBI here! We're gonna charge the front door and go get it. Just because your parents can afford better toys than ours doesn't make you better than us! We go get the doll ourselves. That's right.  But they didn't say anything about going in the back.  Bang bang bang! I got you, Fosse! Did so!  We got it. Ms. Peterson, is your daughter home? We do what we can, sir. Sure. I don't know. Let's just hurry up. I wanna get home in time to watch Crime Drama.  Uh police. Open up. ...Oh crap, did you guys do your math homework? Damn. Uh, sir, we just kinda got blind-sided by the-  We just wanna be junior detectives. It'll get better, guys.  Look, we said we wanted to form a club to protect and serve South Park. We put all this time into it, I mean... What do you guys wanna do, huh? Go back to playing Car Mechanics? Or Laundromat Owners? I wasn't. We started playing Detective because we wanted our play time to mean something. Or have you forgotten why you joined the force, Kyle? You guys can go back to playing Laundromat Owners if you want, but... I'm not gonna give those kids playing the FBI a chance to laugh at us. I'll see you guys at school tomorrow. Nothing, he just told us a bunch of stuff. No thanks. Thanks. ...I think I have a better idea.  Yes, I have a suit I need dry-cleaned, and pressed, please. 