That monster is sitting right over there, and his name is Terrance!  All of these things link Terrance to the murder: hair fibers, blood samples, nail clippings, a piece of his shirt, Terrance, you may be a famous surgeon, but you're not God. ''J'accuse'', Terrance. Your Honor, the defense is trying to make a mockery of this court! They think that farts are funny, but they're not!  Goddammit! That isn't funny!  Well, looks like you got away with it, Terrance and Phillip! There ''are'' hard feelings! This isn't over. I'm going ta see to it that you both pay for what you've done. And do you know why? No, Because I hate you. You think farting is so funny. Well, it isn't!! Fart jokes are the lowest form of comedy, and if I-- Ugh! I hate you both! I've hated you ever since I could remember! I hate you, and I wish you both had cancer. Yes. In the head. This is not the end, Terrance and Phillip! You'll rue this day!  Hello? Yess, yes it is. Yes. I'm a television critic for a magazine. Yes! Yes I do! They think that fart jokes are a sophisticated form of comedy, but they're not! Who is this?  Saddam Hussein? The Iraqi dictator? What do you want? I'm not sure I should trust you. Scott to Red Dragon, come in, Red Dragon. The plan is working perfectly. Terrance and Phillip have taken the bait. Yes. Everything's proceeding according to plan. Now you promised that when Terrance and Phillip arrive they'll be ripped into pieces and shot several times. Roger, Red Dragon. Scott out.  I've got you now, you fart-lovin' fart-lovers. Hey, Saddam. You helped me get rid of Terrance and Phillip, and I appreciate that, but why are framed pictures of you going up all over Canada? ...No I don't need a rest!! I want to know what this is all aboot. I thought you were from Iraq. Hey, what the hell are you guys doing here? You're not supposed to be here, you're supposed to be in Iran looking for your kidnapped-- Ah, I mean, how are you guys today? Nothing, why? What? Aargh! I hate you more than ever, Terrance and Phillip! I absolutely abhor you both! I'm wishing cancer upon you. That's right. I'm trying to give you cancer with my mind.  What's so funny! Saddam, Terrance and Phillip are back in Canada! You promised me they'd be gone for good! That was your part of the bargain! This deal's getting worse all the time. Terrance, this is Scott. Just shut up and listen. You've unleashed a monster onto Canada! And only you can get rid of him, even though I hate you, and I wish you had cancer. ''You're'' a dick. ''You're'' a dick. ''You're'' a dick.  ''You're'' a dick. The two of you are the most annoying dicks in Canada. You give other Canadians a bad name. And if I had my hair- Sure. You son of a bitch! I'll get you if it's the last thin-- Sure. Goddammit! Sure. I mean, no! You listen to me! If you want to save Canada, you'll meet me at Karl's Kroff Dinner Restaurant in half an hour.   What are you idiots doing? Is that some kind of metaphor for a kind of search that can't be described? Listen. I have an inside scoop. There's an Iraqi dictator who is quietly and slowly taking over Canada. Well, what are you two gonna do aboat it? It's your fault that he's here! You brought the Iraqis back with you on your plane when you rescued your kidnapped daughter!  That's right. And now you must make amends. Tomorrow, Saddam will try to finalize his takeover of Canada, at the Roughriders-Roughriders football game. It will be your only shot at wiping them all out. Here, take this. It's a bomb. You must strap it to yourselves, go to the game, and sacrifice your lives to take out Saddam's minions. Well, you must do it for Canada. Yes, Terrance and Phillip. And when the dust is settled, Canada will be rid of both: the Iraqis and your immature fart humor.  Hey, What the hell happened? You were supposed to be blown up! Oh! That is so juvenile! Of course! '''I hate you, Terrance and Phillip!!!'''  