What the heck? Whoa! What a huge package!  To Butters Stotch. Oh boy! It's for me! It's for me!  Who is it from? "Sent from: Japan. Konichi-wa."  Wow! A package for me from Japan!! Wow, what can it be? My birthday isn't until September 11. Oh boy! I've never gotten a package this big! I've always wanted to have a huge package.  Whoa...  You... you're ''my'' robot? Oh wow! Yep. That's right. He's a real live robot. He can walk and talk and everything. You're like the fourth kid I told already. Well I gotta go, Dougie. My robot and I have stuff to do. Heheh, they're all so jealous!  I'm so glad you came into my life, AWESOM-O. You're the best friend a guy could have. Hey yeah! Well, I can tell you anything, huh?  Well lessee... Well, for one, I have what's called a hesitated colon, which means I sometimes can't control my sphincter. Well, nobody knows it, but sometimes I poop my pants, so I have to wear a diaper to school.  You okay, AWESOM-O? Well, I have to take medicine for it every day. It's a little suppository I have to... put up my rectum. Hm, okay. Let's see  Oh, my parents don't know, but sometimes I get picked on by this one kid at school; his name is Eric Cartman, and he always tries to play jokes on me and stuff. No, he's not smart! He's just an asshole. And he's never gonna play a trick on me ever again!  Yeah, and he's never gonna get me again! 'Cause what Cartman doesn't know is that I know one of ''his'' secrets! When Cartman is playing all alone in his backyard, he likes to dress up like Britney Spears and pretend he's her! He sings and dances around with a life-sized cutout of Justin Timberlake. Yeah! And I videotaped him doing it! I've got the whole thing on tape! Even him making out with the Justin Timberlake cutout! Yeah! And if Cartman ever messes with me again, I'm gonna show that video to everybody! ''Then'' I'll have my revenge, boy howdy! Huh? Oh, I dunno. It's around here somewhere. Hey! So what do you wanna do now, AWESOM-O? How come? Oh, that's all right, AWESOM-O. Come on! I have a lot of things to teach you.  <poem>''Hey there have you heard about my robot friend?''</poem> <poem>''My robot friend.''</poem> <poem>''I like to dip and daddle with my robot friend.''</poem> <poem>''He's smart as can be and emotion-free''</poem> <poem>''My robot friend.''</poem> <poem>''My robot friend.''</poem> <poem>''My robot... friend.''</poem>  You can carry all my laundry in one trip! Okay Mom. Well, come on, AWESOM-O. Bedtime. Well of course he is. He's my robot, ain't he? Yeah! Don't you know nothin' about robots? Come on, AWESOM-O! You can put my laundry away!  Oh. Yeah.  Can you help me? Remember I said I put that medicinal suppository in my anus? It'll be so much easier havin' ''you'' do it from now on.  Haw, it's real easy. I'll show you. You just take this little thingy out of the plastic... paper, and I'll, I'll pull down my pants ...and just slide it up in my anus there. AWESOM-O, I though you were programmed to do whatever I tell you. Ye- yeah, that, that's pretty good. Get it up there good and deep. All right AWESOM-O, time for us to get some sleep.  Hey, you want me to teach you some bedtime songs? ''If you leave me now, you'll take away the biggest part of me. Ooo-oo-oooo-oo-oo...'' Oh, o-o-all right AWESOM-O. Let's get us some shut-eye,  or what, or whatever robots have. AWESOM-O?! AWESOM-O, what the Sam Heck are you doing? Aw Jeez, Jeez Louise! My mom is gonna be awful sore when she sees this mess! Now AWESOM-O, that is a bad robot! You can't do no chores for me unless I tell you to do them! You got it?! Now I'm gonna have to give ya a spankin', AWESOM-O, so that you'll learn better! Just know, AWESOM-O, that I did it because I love you. Okay, come on, let's go make some breakfast. Look at that, AWESOM-O! I drew a picture of us playing in a field together.   Whoa. Uh, go answer the door, AWESOM-O.  Who's at the door, AWESOM-O? Ah, hey fellas! Ah, I see you met my robot. Hey he sure is! We do everything together. Why last night we even had a slumber party.  He can do anything I command him to. He's real smart. Watch this: Hey AWESOM-O, will you go get my friends some Sunny Delight?  He's made in Japan!   Oh boy! My robot gets to come with me to see Aunt Nellie?! Oh boy,  Hi Aunt Nellie!  It was long. We had a three-hour delay... departin' Denver, but we're here! Well, sure, but my robot is bringin' them in. There he is! AWESOM-O, this is my Aunt Nellie.  Nah, I ate on the plane. And AWESOM-O is a robot, so he don't need to eat.  AWESOM-O? Come on, AWESOM-O! We're gonna go sightseein'! Can you believe we're at a real live movie studio, AWESOM-O? Aren't we havin' the best time?! Hey, look over there, AWESOM-O. The film studio commissary.  Well, he can do anything. Watch this: Hey, AWESOM-O, who's gonna win the Super Bowl next year? Boy, Los Angeles is great, huh AWESOM-O? Can you believe those guys paid us a hundred dollars apiece for those movie ideas? Hahaa, right! What are you gonna do with money, AWESOM-O? Buy some robot pants? Haha, no! We got each other and that's all we need, AWESOM-O. I'm gonna send this money to needy kids in third-world countries.  You, you okay AWESOM-O? Well you go ahead and relax, AWESOM-O. We've got another full day of pitching movies tomorrow. Yeah, me and my robot are still over at the movie studio, Aunt Nellie. We're makin' all sorts of money for the poor. Well yeah, we're havin' a great time, Aunt Nellie. These movie studio guys are real nice. Yeah, we're makin' a bunch more money. I can't believe it either. AWESOM-O? Well, I gotta go, Aunt Nellie. Ah, AWESOM-O is havin' some kind of malfunction.  AWESOM-O? Hey, where'd ya go?  Hey, what are you doin' with him?! That's my robot!  AWESOM-OOOOOOOO!!!  Oh my God!  AWESOM-O! No!  Don't kill him! He's my best friend! He's my best friend in the whole world! Hey, robots don't fart! Hang on a second, here! 