 Good morning, Kyle. How are we feeling? What's happened? Well, let's see: You bet me that I couldn't prove that leprechauns were real. And if I ''could'' prove it, you had to suck my balls, I believe.  let's see Hot fudge, whipped cream, what else belongs on a sundae, Kyle?  My balls! Oh, he got sucked through that portal thing and they're gonna nuke it now.  So are you all set for your big photo shoot, Kyle?  Kevin, can I get some more bounce off that too, 'kay? Let's just go with a 5 6 8 split How does that look? Can you see my balls and the sundae in frame? ...What? Where are you going?! Okay okay, but you you have to suck my balls first real quick.  We had a DEAL KYLE! IT ISN'T OVER!!  It isn't over, Kyle! I have NOT waited this long to see you weasel your way out of this bet! Go ahead and go. But I swear on my life! Before this day is over! You, will, suck my balls! I SWEAR IT!!  What the hell do you think you're doing declaring leprechauns aren't real?! You just can't declare that imaginary things aren't real! Who are you to say what's real?! Think about it: is blue real? Is love really real? Look, maybe they're all part of the same thing. Santa and Jesus and hell and- leprechauns. Maybe they're all real in the same wway, right?  No! Leprechauns are real, Goddammit! Goddamnit, you stupid assholes are going to ruin everything! Kyle? So Kyle, imaginary things are real, huh? Guess that means I did win the bet after all. And you know what that means, Kyle.  You know, I really have learned a lot, you guys. What Kyle said about imaginary things being real and, Butters using his imagination? It makes me think that... well maybe we all have the power to make things a reality.  O-hoo Kyle! What are you doing to my balls? OHO, look! It's Kyle sucking my balls!  O-hoo Kyle, you are ''gobbling'' those balls, aren't you? I told you you would suck my balls before this was over, didn't I, Kyle? No- Kyle, I believe you said that imaginary things are real. Oh, look at you go, Kyle! Oho, you dirty girl! You LOVE those balls.  