 What's this?  Uhhh, sorry, we're actually busy. Dude, girls should totally be allowed to play sports, you just can't expect people to want to watch. Okay?  All right. Yeah so, sorry you're not getting any spectators, but there's hardcore dude shit to watch. This asshole needs to make a move already! He's playing an enchantment. Dude, it was complete brutality! At one point, Kenny actually polymorphed the dude into a blue frog with an instant attack card. It was carnage, bro! Dude, I don't think people are appreciating this!  It was such pwnage it was almost repulsive! Yeah we like hardcore stuff, we're fuckin' dudes, bro.  Kewwwl! What's hardcore and exciting about Shitty shrimp?  Dude, do we look like police? Five dorrah?!  Dude, that was total carnage! Can you believe that rooster played a Kalonian Twingrove with half his mana tapped? We're going again on Friday, right? What's the matter Kenny? You feel bad for the roosters? Guys, I think maybe Kenny's a little hurt because he was the big Magic champion, and now chickens are stealing his thunder. Huh? A little bit? What do you think Kenny? Would that make you feel better? Huh? Come on, where's that smile? Where's that smile, Kenny? I think he's smiling you guys.  Hello? We're looking to buy a rooster that can play "Magic: The Gathering"? Well, our friend here has some animal-rights concerns. Do you have any free-range chickens? Aw, screw the free-range chickens, huh, Kenny? What should we name him, Kenny? I know. How about "McNuggets"?  Oh wow, did you hear him, Kenny?  Come on, McNuggets! Fight! All right, McNuggets!  That was goddamned manly! I mean, no offense to Kenny, but that shit made regular "Magic: The Gathering" look like girls' volleyball. Thank you so very much. You hear that, McNuggets? You're goin' to the big leagues! We can't tell you, bro. It's like, hardcore underground shit. Oh Jesus, give it a rest already. OOHHH!!   Dude, Wendy plays volleyball. Did you know that? I don't think you knew that. Wow. Here we are, McNuggets. You're reached the big time.  Yeah yeah yeah yeah, we're here for the cock Magic. Ten dorrah?!  Who is that?? Dude, he's like a beast! He's got more legendary creature cards than I've ever seen! McNuggets is scared, dude! This isn't even a fight. This is just... a slaughter. Holy shit dude! Dude, we forfeit! We forfeit! Jesus, Paragon of Fierce Defiance. Now every red creature Gadnuk plays will have a +1 attack. Dude, he just cast Psychogenic Probe. Now every time the other rooster has to shuffle his deck, he loses two health. Did you hear that? He's shuffling his deck already. The only thing he's got on the battle ground now is an Overseer. Ah, dude, your dad's here. It was so hardcore you guys. Kenny laid waste to Gadnuk, Breaker of Worlds. It got so out of hand that the fucking cops had to come and break it up. Kenny cast Glacial Crasher, and then Stan's dad shot his dick off. I just, I seriously don't know where we go from here. You all right, Kenny? 