 I hear you guys play at Autumnfest. I really like your sound. Well I'm a producer. I manage all the big rock bands in South Park. PC Babies... All of them!. Records? What, are you, kids, from the '90s!? There's no money in albums or singles or even tours anymore. What we need to focus on... is your biopic. PC Babies' biopic came out last week. Made over $100 million! Well I'll just let you guys think on it, but don't take too long, huh? What makes a band truly great? It's the desire to be heard, and a commitment to a three-act structure that has a 20-minute setup, about an hour and a half of conflict, and a big, triumphant resolution. SO, let's start at the beginning, gang. When did your band first form? That's good, that's good.  "Lost a close friend. Put loneliness into lyrics."  "Inner conflict over direction of band." Good. Oh no oh OH oh yeah, no no, we don't wanna go there. Talking about the Dalai Lama doesn't go over well with the Chinese. Look, for this movie to really make money, we need to make sure it clears the Chinese censors, you know. We want those Chinese viewers.. Oh it's okay, there's plenty of other things to talk about with your story. How about, uh, what kind of things were you into when you were younger? Okay-oh no. Nonono, that's definitely off-limits. Winnie the Pooh is illegal in China because some Chinese students said that he looked like the Chinese president, Hey, you wanna move away from your family, right? You wanna be successful on your own, right? All right. Well, you know what they say you gotta lower your ideals of freedom if you wanna suck on the warm teat of China. Cut! Cut! Listen, guys, we uh just got word back from the Chinese censors. They don't want us mentioning organ transplants. Well, they've been accused of harvesting from the-look look, it doesn't matter. They, they just said "no" to the organ stuff. Oh, and uhh, no homosexuality either. Nothing. Unless you wanna make money in China. Now come on! Everyone back to one! Cut! Cut! Cut, cut.  Ah kids, let's not say anything about this being a free country. Hey! These guys were nice enough to come all the way from China to help us with our standards. We can at least listen to their notes.  Actually gang, we need to rewrite the whole second act. Come on, guys! Everyone else is fine with China approving our entertainment. Even the PC Babies don't seem to mind, and PC Babies cry about everything.  They just gotta rewrite the script before we continue shooting. Go back to your room and just write your story. It has to come from your heart. No, it's good, kids! They're loving it! 