  You guys, I've just had the greatest idea ever! No! I've been trying to figure out how to make more money selling weed. And last night, it came to me. We could grow the family business by selling Tegridy... to the Chinese.  What's this Saturday? Everyone?  Stan, you need to wear your Tegridy T-shirt at the performance. Stan, they're available on Amazon starting Friday, so you could really help promote the family business while I'm gone!  First time goin' to China?  It's my first time. I'm goin' out to try and drum up a little "business." What are you headin' out for? Ohhh, huhuh, heeeyy. Fuck you. I, I had that idea like three days ago. So when did you come up with it?   It's okay, it's okay. I'm sure there's plenty of Chinese people for all of us.  Oh that? That's weed. Marijuana. You know.  Ah, here. Here we go. Jay shi daamaa Tegridy Weed.  Uh hey, don-don't forget my suitcase! C-could you grab my suitcase? All my weed is in there! Excuse me! Jay shi daamaa! Aaaugh. I am a proud member of the Communist Party, The Party is more important than the individual.   Who, who's there? No, I don't have any honey. Are you prisoners here? Jesus. What kind of madhouse is this? Your Honors, I'm just a simple farmer, from a simpler time. Now, I've never been to China before, but I hate to say I'm a little disappointed in all of you. From what I've seen, you seem to treat your people like dirt. You don't believe in any individual freedoms. I mean, you got Winnie the Pooh and Piglet in jail! Now, come on, China! You know, a country ain't nothin' unless it's got decency and in-tegrity! And I think I speak for Pooh and Piglet and all of Disney when I say you could use some 'tegrity, China!  Now, it just so happens that I own a Tegridy farm. And I think I might be able to work out a deal for all you nice folk. Uhhh, that's me. Randy Marsh No, I'm from ''South Park''. Hey, hold on a minute! Do you really think this business should be run through intimidation and fear?! Whatever happened to old-time values?! You already have business with the Chinese. You have all the connections money can buy! But there's one thing you don't have. That's Tegridy. Now, it just so happens- They didn't listen at all? But I... wuh-why not? But for what? What if we took their side, then? What if we showed China that we understand how they feel to be made fun of on the Internet? Well, gang, looks like the family business is starting to really turn the corner. I don't know about you, but I, for one, think the world is gonna be a better, and safer, place, now that China finally has Tegridy. Winnie the Pooh, Winnie the Pooh- Oh, yeah, I did kill Winnie the Pooh.  Where are ya goin', Stan? Ooo, about me? Make sure it talks about me bringing Tegridy to China!}} 