Well, I don't have much experience but I thought I'd give real estate a try. Well, I do believe I'm good with people, and the truth is... I need to do this for my son. Our...rent is going up because of all the new people moving into town – and I don't think I can afford it anymore.  Hello, sweetie! I'm sorry, honey, mommy had some errands. Honey... Mommy has some big news.  I... got a job, Eric.  Oh, honey – It's going to be good! Mommy is just going to be working a few days a week and you can be a big boy and take care of yourself. Eric, this has to happen. We can't afford to live in this house unless I make more money, and this job pays really well. I'm a real estate agent. Okay, Liane... you've got this. You can do this!  Hello there! I believe I spoke with you on the phone? I'm Liane Cartman with South Park Realtors! Well, this is the house I was telling you about. It just came on the market.  It's a 2,300 square foot mid colonial home. Detached garage– Excuse me? Oh, you're about five minutes from the local gym.  Oh! Um, you have such a lovely family! It must have been a big drive from the city? Well, come on in, let me show you around! Eric, what are you doing? Uh, excuse me one moment.  Eric! What are you up to? You are not a real estate agent– Now just march right back home and I will see you when I am done with work!  Eric, this house is being represented by South Park Realtors. You don't get to just walk in and show it! Ooh! Okay. Hi, this is Liane with South Park Realtors. Eric, stop it. You are going to get me fired, Eric. And then we are going to lose our home! I am doing this job for us! So we can have a roof over our heads! I am not talking about this anymore! You are in so much trouble, young man!  You are in big trouble, young man! I have had it with you! Come here right now! Eric! Eric, you're only making it worse! This isn't about that, Eric, and you know it! You're upset! You're upset because you don't want your mom to have a job! It is true! You're scared and you're jealous that a job will take my attention away from you! It's ok to be scared, Eric. I know that I'm the only family you have, but you're making everything worse for us! Eric, you need to stop this right now. It doesn't work that way, Eric! You aren't going to make any money—you're just driving up the market and none of your deals will make it through escrow! Fine, Eric! Will you stop all this if I quit my job?! No! Yes, Eric!..Yes...  Don't shoot! I am not a real estate agent! I am quitting as of right now. And South Park Realty Group is no more. 