[''closes the door and comes downstairs''] Ah, gentlemen, thank you for coming. We don't have a lot of time, so I'll cut to the chase. The girls at our school have been hiding something from us, hiding something huge. What if I were to tell you that the girls have a device, which allows them to see... into the future. Thank you, Clyde. Uh, I'm afraid it's true. . I caught the following images on tape. I warn you, this images maybe be too shocking for young children. Video playback initialized.  Believe it. The girls can ask any question they want and it gives the answer. Freeze image!  Gentlemen, we have to get our hands on that device.  How is the incubation shield coming Clyde? Good man.  Any luck here? Good. Keep working. We want to know all we can before we try to operate it.  All right, gentlemen, our containment center for the time warp is nearly complete. All that's left for us to do is get the device from the girls and bring it here. Don't be a fool, Craig. Do you really think the girls are just gonna hand that technology over? Heidi Turner  is going to have a slumber party on Thursday night. There's no doubt in my mind the girls will be using the future-telling device there. If we... can get somebody invited to that slumber party, not only can we get a hold of the device, but find out how to use it. No, not a boy, but a girl. One of us is gonna have to go undercover, show up in school tomorrow disguised as the new girl who just moved to town. No, not like ''Juwanna Mann'', Kevin, okay? It's way cooler than that! Which is why we have to fake that boy's death. It's simple spy stuff, my friends. Take your top man, fake his death, then send him in disguised as the enemy.  Okay, it's ready! Step down, Butters.  Okay. One! Two!  Nice.    Now Butters, we don't know exactly what is that girls do at their slumber parties. But if they start, you know, lezzing out, just roll with it. Remember Butters, you must get that future-telling device from the girls at all costs! And just roll with it if they start lezzing out.  God only knows the horrors that go on in girls' slumber parties. Let's just hope Butters can survive it. That son of a bitch! Butters! Just what the fuck do you think you're doing?! You aren't there to have fun, you black asshole! You were supposed to be getting the future-telling device. Working on what?! Your dance moves?! Just do what you were sent to do, dickface!  Tango tango tango! We've got it! Let's get it to the containment center! Go!  aahahaha, we have the device now! The power belongs to us!  Gentlemen, this is a historic day for all of the boy, and mankind. In a few moments, we will know the future.  No, No! We don't have time for that, Stan. It's time to ask questions. Because I do, Clyde. I'm askin' the first question! Let's just start with something simple. Will Kyle die before he's twenty? Will you all shut up so I can do this!? Are you guys nuts?! After everything we've gone through!? Think of the power! Are we sure about this? We'll never know the future. Damn, Ken. 