Please, you have to let me outta here!  You can't hold people prisoner! I haven't done anything! People are gonna be looking for me! Ike?! Ike, buddy, can you hear me?! I need you to do something, okay? Daddy needs your help! I need you to go to your browser and sign on to the school message board, okay? Can you do that for me? The school message board and then log in. Lowercase S, skank-hunt-4-2. You got it?  If Skankhunt is still out there trolling, then they have the wrong guy! Get it?! It's called "using your brain", fatso! Nobody cares if a kid trolls! What are they gonna do, get a slap on the wrist? You don't know my fucking wife!  Ike, you got it? Great, pal! Okay, now I need you to go to the comment section, okay, and type in "You should all get raped by gorillas". You got that pal? Ike, "You should all get raped by gorillas"! Come on, we have a lot of work to do here! Okay now make sure the little worm is in the woman's mouth, got it? Now I need you to type "You're a fat retard" in the comments. No, you have to say "a fat retard", Ike! It's a nuance, but it's very important!   Hey sweetheart, how's everything going? Are you serious? God dang it! Let me talk to him right now! Hey Ike, just stay calm and act like I'm yelling at you, okay pal? Okay, give it a few seconds, wait. Good. Okay, now--now say "I'm sorry, dad. I guess I'm just fucked up inside". Ike, you have to listen to me. On your mother's life, this is a matter of national security! You have to say "I'm sorry, dad. I guess I'm just fucked up inside"! That was amazing, kiddo. It'll all be worth it, okay? I'll make this up to you. Give me back to your mom. He's full of shit, he's not sorry! If he felt sorry, he wouldn't be able to do it in the first place! I'm gonna get home as soon as I can to deal with this, okay? We can deal with this together. Just don't say anything to anyone for now, all right?  Ike! Okay there's just a few more things I need you to do. I need you to type "How'd you like a donkey dick?". You're suppose to just laugh and make fun of shit. 