What? What about him? Turn it up.  No way. The-hay've got a video of Pete Melman's mom showing up with fresh underwear on Eavesdropper! Come on dude, it's pretty funny. Yeah dude, that's pretty funny. Dude, check it out! Eavesdropper found an e-mail from Jenny Simons' boyfriend calling her "soft-serve Simon." Come on, dude, it's pretty funny! I wouldn't care. What?  Kenny! Kenny, what the fuck?! How did Eavesdropper get a hold of my e-mail to you?! Do you just leave your e-mails open for everyone to read?! That was a private e-mail from me to you!  Hey Wendy. No, I was telling Kenny ''he'' would like it. Wendy, it was just a quick e-mail to Kenny. New stories pop up on Eavesdropper every hour. People are gonna forget all about this. This is an issue of trust and privacy! We have to all work together to put an end to Eavesdropper once and for all!  Yes, Kyle. Ugh, What's funny about having our private lives hacked into?! Shut up Butters! What we have to find out is who in the school is running Eavesdropper! I've done an extensive profile, and I've narrowed it down to somebody in this very room!  And we're not gonna-! What? How do you know? We only have music class on Thursday. Oh I'm ready! Don't let him get away! What the hell? A stupid rat is in charge of Eavesdropper? Stop that rat!  Knock it off!  You see? There, look! It says Eavesdropper's biggest story every is coming out this afternoon. Lemmiwinks? Our old class gerbil? Do you know why a gerbil is running around hacking our phone calls and putting our secrets up on the Internet? Hi. Does a Vernon Trumski live here? Come on, guys!  Quick, we need something to carry him in! We just need to borrow him, kid.   Look dude, we don't have much time. Wikileaks is about to post his biggest scoop ever on Eavesdropper! Lemmiwinks can stop him! Whoa whoa wait, wait!  Can't this thing go any faster? Craig, are we still clear? Please, can this wait? A big story is about to about to come out on Eavesdropper and we have the only way to stop it! Stop right there, you little rat! Phew. I'm sure glad that's over with. 