 They can't do that. Who are they to judge us on how we look?  Yeah, Kyle's right. Screw it; we have better things to worry about. Oh please, I don't think so, Craig! Chicks think I'm way hotter than you! No, because chicks know I'm not fat, I'm buff! They probably put you at the bottom of the list 'cause you have fucked-up teeth! Or Kenny 'cause he's poor. Kenny, face it: Girls don't wanna eat Pop Tarts for dinner every night when they get married. All right, Bebe, let's see the list. You know what I'm talking about, bitch! The list where you rate the looks of each boy in the class! Craig is on the bottom, right? Or is it Kenny 'cause you'd be eating Pop Tarts for dinner if you married him? Screw that, dude! We're guys. We can out think them. All right, here's what we know. That chick Nelly is the one who's in charge of holding the list, right? She apparently keeps it in a purple Pee Chee folder, and we need a plan to get it from her.  At 1 PM tomorrow, Nelly will have to walk from Home Ec to Social Studies. That's our best time to strike. As she makes her way through Hallway 3, Craig will be ready with a distraction device here.  When she stops and turns to Craig in the hallway, Butters will run up and kick her in the balls. Once Butters kicks her in the balls, she'll fall to the floor, dropping the Pee Chee, and Kenny will swoop in from Corridor 3-Delta, and grab the Pee Chee. Are we good? Bail, bail!  Okay, our mission failed, but we've learned a lot. Primarily that girls do not have balls. Never mind, because we are going to Plan B, one that I call "Operation: Cannot Possibly Fail A Second Time". When Nelly leaves the cafeteria for recess, Kenny will jump in front of her and spit on the ground. Butters, we're done talkin' about girls' balls right now! Pay attention!  We got it! We got it!  Tape it to the wall, Kenny! Jason, watch the door!  What?! That's bullcrap!  You're last, dude!  Yes way! Check it out!  So? I'm hotter than Kyle.  Yes! I'm hotter than Kyyyle! I'm hotter than Kyyyle! I'm better looking than you!  Kyle?  