Of course, Stan.  This is a nice surprise. I thought you were never speaking to me again. Which one? We make lists all the time.  Well, personally, I didn't vote him the ugliest. My vote was for Eric Cartman. But enough of the other girls must have felt he was- Change the list?! Do you have any idea what that would take?! Maybe you don't understand how important list-making is to girls! It's not just something we do flippantly! There's protocol!  All right, I'll try and get you into our next list-making meeting. But it won't be easy. If it pleases and sparkles, I would like to suggest that we...  That we reopen last week's list for debate. Go ahead. He didn't mean that. He was just saying maybe we should open it up again for discussion. Wait a minute. Wait, Stan, I think I've got something!  Take a look at this: during final deliberation of the list for cutest boy, seven girls gave Clyde a glitter rating of only one sparkle. It doesn't add up. It is possible that Rebecca made a mistake when she tallied the sunshine votes onto the final list.  Hey Rebecca. Do you still have the voter cards for the list that rated the boys' looks? I know, but I think there's been a mistake. Six of the girls I've talked to didn't vote Clyde the cutest. That means that mathematically he should have been- Nonorary Chair, Mrs. Secretary, I believe a member of our committee has tampered with one of our lists. I've compiled a full report, and it turns out that nobody voted Clyde the cutest in the class. I believe Rebecca changed the list to make him number one. Right after the list was made, Rebecca started going out with Clyde. You can read all the discrepancies here.  Uh, what do you mean? Call the girls in.  You ''knew!'' So that you all could justify dating Clyde and get shoes?! How dare you take advantage of your position! I'm gonna tell Bebe and have you both disbarred from the list committee!  No. Not Bebe. When the other girls find out you ignored their votes, they're gonna- I don't think so!   Stan, run! What? You've compromised everything! Our lists' integrity! It doesn't matter how incredible they are; you can't- Oh my God, those are amazing. Is that a lace across the top?  Oh, but it doesn't matter. You took it too far! It's too late, Bebe. I've already made a full report and sent a copy to the police. People will know. Stan, it's been really great hanging out with you again. I feel like you've changed somehow. In a really awesome way.  