I'm strong! I'm Strong Woman!  I'm gonna smoke the competition!  Oh no. It's the babies. Oh, no! I left Disney+ on and it went to Mulan. No, because Mulan is a female that identifies as male and yet the movie doesn't take the time to address real trans issues. Well, thank you PC Principal. Um, listen, guys. I just hope I can make you proud, and more importantly, I hope you can see that no matter who you are, you can do anything. We've really come a long way breaking down gender-binary bigotry, and I hope I can especially inspire some of my girl students here. Yes, or those who identify as girls. Get out there and get involved in school sports and clubs. If there's something you love, don't ever let anything hold you back. Oh yeah. I'm ready, David. There are just so many amazing women athletes out here today it makes me so proud. Amazing. I feel honored to be a part of history. I have a lot of incredible trans friends who are athletes, and so we're all inspired this woman is competing. Uh, no, I've never competed against her before, no. Well, what is an "average trans athlete"? Honestly, I find that kind of bigoted, David. Uh, good luck, Heather. Yeah... Just don't! You'll upset the PC babies. Emory, stop playing with your food.  What's going on-? Oh, hi Heather. Oh, that's... really cool. I'm sorry, but I have all the kids right now, and they're- Just don't. You're gonna upset the PC babies. What do you mean? She's not getting to me. Because I know her. It's Blade Jaggart. He - she - is my ex-boyfriend. Back when we were together he was such an asshole. When I finally broke up with him, he said one day he was going to get me back. And now he's got us both by the balls. He hates wome- she, hates women. When I left him, he felt he got beat by a girl, and nothing makes Blade Jaggart more crazy than getting beat by a girl. Oh God, what is he doing? Are you just... not gonna come home? P, you can't just shut down because you're afraid of how the babies are gonna react. You know how they are. They're babies. Their minds are made up before anyone says anything. Uh, hey students. As you know, we've had some issues here at the school that we're working very hard to correct. So today we are... honored... to have a motivational speaker. She is the current Strong Woman competition, and also the champion in women's MMA fighting, and in women's wrestling. Please welcome the inspiring Heather Swanson.  You sure you're ready for this? Yes, kids, and look who else is here. They don't care. They must see the nuance to this whole situation. And we didn't realize that our little babies are growing up.  