 That's Kenny, about to be sent to a foster home. Pretty funny.  Guys! Guys! I've been workin' on it, and I think I have some answers. Yeah. I've gone through every student in the school, and I'm pretty sure now that Kenny's gone, the poor kid is Craig! Pretty much went through everybody. Craig's got the mo-  Nothing dude, it's cool, it's cool. I mean, we would tell your parents to shop at nicer places, but... your mom is so poor she can't even pay attention.  This is awesome, Butters! You really think you got something?! Eh yeah?  Heh heh, yeah? What?  Oh my God... If we found this out it's only a matter of time before everybody else does.  Well I won't give him the satisfaction! Alright, let's hear it for Kyle!  Cartman's mom is so poor that when she goes to KFC, she has to lick other people's fingers! HA! I beat you to it, Kyel! That's kewl! Whatever Kyel! Must be nice having everything you want!   Sit down Mom, we need to have a talk. Mom, how are you going to start bringing more money into this household? You have to start doing more, Mom! What are you doing with your time?! Yeah, see, the problem, Mom, is that with Kenny gone I'm now the poorest kid in skewl!  We're in a tough economy. You don't know what else I want you to do about it. Life isn't handed to you, Mom! You can't just sit on your ass and expect some money to appear! Not much huh?! My mom is so poor, when she heard about the Last Supper she thought she was running out of food stamps! IT'S NOT FUNNY, MOM!!  My mom is so poor she waves around a Popsicle and calls it air conditioning. I wish I could be put in a kewl foster home like Kenny's familyyy.  It's gonna take me years to recover from being torn from my mother's arms. Only the ocean breezes and coconut trees can help me now.  Yeah, yeah. That's right. Wha'? Dude, do you think this is funny?! Well I'll tell you somethin'! Being from a low-income household isn't funny! Oh heell no, my momma's so poor she opened a Gmail account just so she could eat the spam!  A joke?! You think being poor is a joke?! How?! Dude, my momma's so poor when she gets mad she can't afford to fly off the handle so she's gotta go Greyhound off the handle! Jesus, this is a long drive. Are we in Hawaii yet? Yeah, that's where I requested to be sent. What??  Greeley? What the? Dude, this is like poorer than my old house! You're my new mom? Alright Mom, how much money do you make? Like gross yearly income after taxes? Goddamn, I've gotta sleep in a room with six other people?! How poor are we?! Oh heell naw!  Oh God, I'm so nervous. These kids all seem kind of mean. You've already been here awhile, Kenny, so you have to introduce me to your friends, okay? And make sure they know I'm kewl. You've gotta have my back, Kenny!   Okay, alright, so listen: I know our family is poor, okay?! But before we lived there, Kenny was actually poorer than me! So technically, he's the poorest kid at this school! Really? Let's put our hands up, everyone! 'Cept for Jacob. His mom is so poor she only understands hand-OUTS.  I wasn't making fun of anybody. I was just teasing. My case worker?  Oh, not this guy! Will you stop with the Penn State jokes?! All you're doing is taking something topical and revamping old Catholic jokes! Haha, I told on you Mom and Dad! I'm not saying it. I'm not saying it! Okay, fine!  I'm white trash and I'm in trouble!  There he is, there's my buddy.  And if you ask her if she lost a shoe, she'd say "No, I found ooone." 