Very good, we'll take them from here. Children, enter.  These are your foster brothers and sisters! They are all strict agnostics! David, do you believe in God?! Right! There are two bedrooms upstairs! Boys' room and girls' room! Your chores are listed on their respective doors! Follow!  Because what flavor is it?! It is neither root beer nor cola! Nobody is sure what flavor it is, and nobody ''can'' be sure! Isn't that right, Melissa?! Good! What in the name of nobody knows are you doing, Karen?!  Come on now! This is not the way we've told you to tidy up! Remember? Cleanliness is next to godliness, so make it kind of clean but not too much! Amanda! More ambiguous on the dusting!  This is where you'll sleep with your foster brothers. You will be clean, polite, and most importantly, you WILL follow the agnostic code: We cannot know with certainty if God or Christ exists. They COULD. Then again there COULD be a giant reptilian bird in charge of everything. Can we be CERTAIN there isn't? NO, so it's pointless to talk about. Now say it with me. HEY! We do not take the Lord's name in vain in this house, just in case there is one! Do you understand, or do you need the punishment room?! And if this food comes as a gift from some divine intelligence, we understand that an intelligent being cannot blame us for questioning its existence. Nobody knows, nobody can know if any deity is watching over us. Amen. What?  What have we told you about making up angel stories?! Get down to the basement, all of you! It's time for the Punishment Room!  Now, did you see an angel?! No, you can't be certain of that! You might've seen one!  Are there such things as angels?! Good!  What is the meaning of life?! That's right!  What business is that of yours?! If we want to serve agnostic beverages in this house, then by Goddish we'll do it! The children you've sent here are undisciplined and talking about the certainty of angels!  What the? Who did this? Almost like some kind of... agnostic angel.  There's nothing in there but Dr Pepper, right? There can't be.  How did that get here?!  It says it's a Pabst Blue Ribbon.  Shut your mouth, bitch! Fuck you, bitch! Wait a minute, I'm white trash and I'm in trouble? 