Oh. My. Goodddd. Soo, you're uuh, trying out to be the morning announcement person as well?  Who are you? Mr. Mackey, what's a moronic jizzrag? Well it's just that... that's what that Casey kid said about your hairpiece?  Good morning South Park Elementary. These are the morning announcements. And I, am Eric Cartman. All forms for the school book drive must be handed in to Mr. Davis in the library by the end of the school day today. Hm, doesn't seem like they gave us a lot of notice on that, uh, 'kay. Oh well.  It's not a coincidence that once Wendy took office this school started coming apart at the seams! Your teachers don't wanna tell you, but they are scared, and they should be, because the very fabric of this elementary school is tearing from all corners. But hey, I'm just a normal kid, like you, except that I ask questions. And because I'm brave enough to ask questions, I come under scrutinies. Is Wendy using your lunch money to buy heroin? Probably not, but how can we know? I don't want my lunch money going to drugs! Who's taking these drugs? What would be the point? I'm asking questions! You wanted to see me, Principal Victoria? Oohhhh I get it. You're trying to silence me! You're scared that somebody is standing up to this school and its president for once! Oh really?! Then how come Gordon Stoltski got to go on for like five minutes that one day?! You just want somebody to read what's in front of them like a brain-washed zombie, is that it Mr. Mackey? I am not Gordon Stoltski, okay?! I'm not some dog on a leash that just blindly says what he's told, until he's killed! Oh I will! And maybe I'll also have a word with the ACLU, tell them that a student is being told not to speak out against his school! I'm sure they'll find that very interesting! Well. Goood morning South Park Elementary. These are the morning announcements. Tryouts for the soccer team are on Friday afternoon. That is of course if our student body president does something about our abysmal soccer field.  I'm not in the student council, I'm just a normal kid like all of you. And like all of you, I want to know what has happened... to my school. - of the United States of America. OUR United States, not the one Wendy Testaburger would have, a socialist dunghole - Good morning students. These are the morning announcements. If you'll direct your attention to the new video monitors at the head of your class,  you will see that the announcements are now being done in video. Lunch today is going to be pizza. Again.  So let's take a look at exactly what our school president wants. You know, what is she trying to achieve? Let's just take a look at these Keywords here: Wendy's made it clear she wants our school to be a more Integrated Leftist and Liberal place! But you see what then happens, what we get is a Socialist, Modern, Utopian, Reformed, Farce of a School. So when you look closely it becomes very obvious what Wendy wants. K I L L S M U R F S. Our school president ...wants to kill Smurfs. I don't know if we're turning into a Smurf-hating school or what we're turning into, but unless you ask why , we're gonna transform into something. "Thank you" and this is to..?  Book signing today everyone, be sure to pick up your copy. Well hello. Another person who  cares about the future of our school. Yes, well now you can read about all those things I've said, Butters. Take this copy of my book. That'll be five dollars. A book signing. I do not directly say she's a slut!  You didn't read the rest, dude. "Or does she?" See, that's a question. I'm asking questions, Stan! I've called for Wendy to come on my show and defend herself, but she won't do it! You wanted to see me again, Principal Victoria? Oh, Wendy came and told on me?! So what? Because she's president she can't be written about? And what if they are?! You'll stop me from asking just because Wendy forces you to?! Just enough power to force you to stop me from selling my book! Face it, you're a lackey, Mackey! Clear as summer rain! Clear as a flavorless bottle of vitamin water! This school has finally transformed to the socialist whoreland where a student isn't free! Well I'm not gonna be a part of it, do you understand?! I'm leaving this... hypocritical Communist school! I'm walking out and I'm never coming back!  Yesterday, as most of you know, I walked out on this program, and on our school. I was so... fed up with our president's hypocrisies, me not being allowed to sell my book. I wanted to live in a place where my values were still upheld. And so I decided to leave it all behind and instead just go and live with the Smurfs.  The smurfs and I grew to understand each other.  We're from two different worlds and yet we spoke the common language of passion. Papa Smurf was displeased at first,  He told Smurfette I wasn't a real Smurf and we could never be happy. But I eventually proved myself to Papa Smurf by picking more Smurfberries than any Smurf had ever Smurfed before. Finally, all was right with the world. But then, a crisis. Clumsy Smurf burst into the Smurf ceremony to say that humans had come to destroy all of Smurfland. And so now our school has plenty of precious unattainable Smurfberries. Yeah well big deal. At what cost did our school president get it? Every Smurf is dead. Wiped out and we will never see them again! Go on, look outside! You won't see any Smurfs!  The question now is, What happened to morals? What happened to dignity? What happened to my schooool? Thank you so much for finally coming on my show, Wendy. People are riled up. Hopefully we can clear the air here this morning. Of course. That's why we're here. Don't worry, I won't go too hard on you.  Good morning South Park Elementary, these are the morning announcements. Rehearsals for the school play are cancelled this afternoon. For lunch the cafeteria will be serving meat loaf or veggie pasta. My guest today is the student body president of South Park Elementary, Wendy Testaburger. Wendy, thank you for coming on the show. Wendy, I wanna start by asking a pretty straightforward question, and I hope you don't take offense to it. How many Smurfberries is the life of each Smurf worth?  You don't know how many Smurfberries the life of each Smurf is worth. Would you agree that the school is in a crisis right now? If a Smurf dies and no one is around to hear it, does it still scream?  You are the president of the school. Can you see why many students think you're an ineffective slut? Are you denying that the Smurf holocaust ever happened? Is that what you're suggesting? Yes, and that makes- whoa whoa what? What? What do you mean I know that? No! You wiped them all out! Wait, hold on, can we take a break? Dude, you can't take my ''Dances with Smurfs'' idea and turn it into your own thing- No! No, dude! You don't just take one person's story and then add a couple of things and call it yours! You sold the movie rights to who?! Theh- They can't do that! I'm student body president!  Huh! No, because it turns out that by rule, the student body president can't also be the morning announcement reader! I can't do jack! I went to my first student council meeting; all we did was talk about what colors to make the stupid Sadie Hawkins dance! Student council's retarded!  I'm doin' the best I can! }} 